Table of Contents

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
__________________________

FORM 10-K
Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
☒

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021
☐

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934

For the transition period from ________ to ________
Commission File Number 0-20214

BED BATH & BEYOND INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
New York
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

11-2250488
(IRS Employer
Identification No.)

650 Liberty Avenue, Union, New Jersey 07083
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 908/688-0888
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Common stock, $.01 par value

Trading Symbol (s)
BBBY

Name of each exchange on which registered
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes X No __
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes __ No X
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No __
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
Yes X No__
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth
company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Table of Contents

Large accelerated filer
☒
Non-accelerated filer
☐
Emerging growth company ☐

Accelerated filer
Smaller reporting company

☐
☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ___
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No X
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. X
As of August 29, 2020, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates (which was computed by reference to the closing price on
such date of such stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) was $1,486,168,316.*
The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock (par value $0.01 per share) at March 27, 2021: 109,122,398.
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A are
incorporated by reference in Part III hereof.
*

For purposes of this calculation, all outstanding shares of common stock have been considered held by non-affiliates other than the 3,082,800 shares
beneficially owned by directors and executive officers. In making such calculation, the Registrant does not determine the affiliate or non-affiliate
status of any shares for any other purpose.

2

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Form 10-K
Item No.

Name of Item

Page

Item 1.
Item 1A.
Item 1B.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.

PART I
Business
Risk Factors
Unresolved Staff Comments
Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosures

4
10
16
16
17
18

Item 5.
Item 6.
Item 7.
Item 7A.
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A.
Item 9B.

PART II
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Controls and Procedures
Other Information

Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.
Item 13.
Item 14.

PART III
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Principal Accounting Fees and Services

71
71
71
72
72

Item 15.
Item 16.

PART IV
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
Form 10-K Summary

73
77

3

19
21
36
37
70
70
70

Table of Contents

PART I
Unless otherwise indicated, references to "we," "our," "us," "ourselves" and the "Company" refer collectively to Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and its
subsidiaries as of February 27, 2021. Our fiscal year is comprised of the 52 or 53 week period ending on the Saturday nearest February 28. Accordingly,
throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (i) the term "fiscal 2020" means our fiscal year beginning on March 1, 2020 and ending February 27, 2021,
(ii) the term "fiscal 2019" means our fiscal year beginning March 3, 2019 and ending February 29, 2020 and (iii) the term "fiscal 2018" means our fiscal
year beginning March 4, 2018 and ending March 2, 2019. Unless otherwise indicated, all references herein to periods of time (e.g., quarters) are in
relation to the fiscal years defined above.

ITEM 1 – BUSINESS
Overview
We are an omnichannel retailer that makes it easy for our customers to feel at home. We sell a wide assortment of merchandise in the Home, Baby, Beauty
& Wellness markets and operate under the names Bed Bath & Beyond ("BBB"), buybuy BABY ("BABY"), and Harmon, Harmon Face Values, or Face
Values (collectively, "Harmon"). We also operate Decorist ("Decorist"), an online interior design platform that provides personalized home design services.
We offer a broad assortment of national brands and a growing line of proprietary owned brand merchandise in key destination categories including bedding,
bath, kitchen food prep, home organization, indoor décor, baby and personal care.
We operate a robust omnichannel platform consisting of various websites and applications and physical retail stores. Our e-commerce platforms include
bedbathandbeyond.com, bedbathandbeyond.ca, harmondiscount.com, facevalues.com, buybuybaby.com, buybuybaby.ca and decorist.com. We also operate
1,020 retail stores, as of February 27, 2021, consisting of 834 BBB stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 132 BABY
stores in 37 states and Canada and 54 Harmon stores in five states. During fiscal 2020, we opened nine new stores and closed 144 stores. As of
February 27, 2021, our total store square footage, net of openings and closings, was approximately 29.9 million square feet. In addition to our U.S. and
Canadian operations, we are a partner in a joint venture that operates ten stores in Mexico under the name Bed Bath & Beyond.
Starting in late 2019, we have created a more focused portfolio through the divestiture of non-core assets, including businesses and real estate, as part of the
ongoing business transformation underway. See “Transformation,” “Strategy” and “Divestitures” below.
Our merchandise and services are offered to customers through an omnichannel platform across our portfolio of banners, which consist of:
Bed Bath & Beyond - a leading specialty home retailer in North America that sells a wide assortment of domestics merchandise and home furnishings.
BBB is a preferred destination in the home space, particularly in key product categories including bedding, bath, kitchen food prep, home organization and
indoor decor.
buybuy BABY - a leading specialty baby retailer in North America that sells a wide assortment of baby essentials and nursery furnishings. BABY strives to
build trust with parents by supporting them with what they need so families can celebrate every milestone – big and small – together.
Harmon Health and Beauty - offers an expansive assortment of leading name brand and private label personal care and beauty brands at deep everyday
value.
Decorist - an online interior design company that makes decorating a home easy and affordable. Executed entirely online, Decorist's roster of over 400
professional interior designers help beautifully design any room in the home, staying within a client's style and budget. For customers not ready to start a
full design project, they can consult Decorist's Design Bar to have quick design questions answered by Decorist's team of interior designers, completely
free of charge.

4

Table of Contents

We allow our customers to purchase products either in-store, online (through The Beyond Store, our proprietary, web-based platform), with a mobile device
or through a customer contact center, and we offer customers the option to pick up in-store or curbside, or to have products shipped directly from our
distribution facilities, stores or vendors. We believe this integration of physical store and digital channels allows us to provide our customers with a
seamless omnichannel shopping experience. Store purchases are primarily fulfilled from that store’s inventory or may also be shipped to a customer from
one of our distribution facilities, from a vendor or from another store. Other purchases, including web and mobile orders, can be shipped to a customer
from our distribution facilities, directly from vendors or from a store. Customers can also choose to pick up orders using our newly introduced Buy Online
Pick Up In Store ("BOPIS"), contactless Curbside Pickup and Same Day Delivery services, as well as return online purchases by mail or to a store. As of
February 27, 2021, we had distribution facilities totaling approximately 3.4 million square feet. These capabilities allow us to better serve customers across
our omnichannel network.
For fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, we accounted for our operations as two operating segments: North American Retail and Institutional Sales, the latter of
which did not meet the quantitative thresholds under GAAP and, therefore, was not a reportable segment. The Institutional Sales operating segment,
comprised of Linen Holdings, was divested in October 2020. We will continue to account for our operations as one North American Retail reporting
segment going forward. Net sales outside of the U.S. were not material for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018.
Transformation
Starting in late 2019, we have undertaken significant changes to transform our business and adapt to the dynamic retail environment and the evolving needs
of our customers in order to position ourselves for long-term success. As part of these changes, our new management team, led by President and Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) Mark Tritton who was appointed in November 2019, has been focused on driving an omni-always, customer-inspired strategy to
re-establish our authority in the Home, Baby, Beauty & Wellness markets. We have created a more focused portfolio through the divestiture of non-core
assets and further strengthened our financial flexibility through key actions such as corporate restructurings and operating expense control to re-set our cost
structure and support our ongoing business transformation.
We are implementing a compelling growth strategy that will harness the power of data and insights to engage customers across our four core banners
(BBB, BABY, Harmon and Decorist) in an enterprise-wide plan to accelerate our omnichannel transformation. Our strategy is underpinned by five key
pillars of strategic focus and investment including product, price, promise, place and people. Through this approach, we are becoming a digital-first,
customer-focused omnichannel retailer with a more curated, inspirational and differentiated product collection across categories, and creating a more
convenient and inspirational shopping experience.
During 2020, as the world responded to the unparalleled challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, we took thoughtful steps to safeguard our people and
communities while we continued to serve our customers and drive transformative change throughout the organization. Similar to many other businesses,
COVID-19 served as a catalyst to accelerate the pace of change and innovation at our Company— to advance our ongoing efforts to reset our cost structure
and build a modern, durable model for long-term profitable growth.
Highlights of our progress in fiscal 2020 include:
•

Appointing an entirely new executive leadership team, including CEO Mark Tritton in November 2019, charged with streamlining decisionmaking, further strengthening the organization with leadership and talent and accelerating the pace of transformation.

•

Establishing new services in our omni-always platform that make it easier and more convenient for customers to shop with us including BOPIS,
contactless Curbside Pickup and Same Day Delivery.

•

Launching 100+ customer-inspired improvements to the Bed Bath & Beyond website to elevate the customer experience, create ease and
convenience and convert and acquire new customers. These improvements include making the website faster and more compelling to shop,
simplifying the search process and reducing the number of steps in the checkout process.

•

Strengthening our inventory management capabilities and moving to a centralized ordering and replenishment system to improve in-stock levels,
create greater operational efficiencies and support higher sales.

•

Realigning the organizational structure, including optimization of corporate overhead expense and reductions in other discretionary expense, to
further re-set our cost base and simplify our operations to support investment in our strategic growth plans and provide additional financial
flexibility.

5

Table of Contents

•

Optimizing our store network through the closure of approximately 200 mostly Bed Bath & Beyond stores over the next two years, 144 of which
were closed as of February 27, 2021. We plan to continue to actively manage our real estate portfolio to permit store sizes, layouts, locations and
offerings to evolve over time to optimize market profitability and to renovate or reposition stores within markets as appropriate. Over the past
several years, the pace of our store openings has slowed, while the pace of store closings has increased. During fiscal 2019, we conducted a lease
renegotiation project and started a store fleet optimization project for all BBB stores with the goal of creating a better balance between our
physical and digital presence within the markets we serve. We continue to analyze our stores' performance, profitability, geographic location and
customer demographics to understand how best to position our store locations in various markets across the U.S. and Canada.

•

Streamlining our portfolio with the divestiture of five non-core banners to create more focus on the remaining core businesses in Home, Baby,
Beauty & Wellness. The non-core assets divested in 2020 include One Kings Lane, PersonalizationMall.com, Christmas Tree Shops, Cost Plus
World Market and our institutional business comprised of Linen Holdings.

We will continue to build on this strong foundation as we execute our three-year growth strategy to further elevate the shopping experience, modernize our
operations, and unlock strong and sustainable shareholder value.
Strategy
We have embraced a digital-first, omni-always growth strategy that supports our purpose to make it easy to feel at home and our mission to re-establish our
authority and be the preferred omni-channel home destination driven by teams consistently delivering balanced durable growth. The framework of our
strategy is based on the principles of being customer inspired, omni-always, people powered and performance driven. The business initiatives intended to
drive our growth are rooted in the following five pillars:
1.

Product: We are refining and amplifying an exciting omnichannel assortment that rebuilds authority and preference for Bed Bath & Beyond and
creates energy through differentiation and curation.

2.

Price: We are investing in and clarifying compelling value through more choice with opening price points, relevant owned brands and clear price
communications in order to sharpen our value for quality proposition and to both acquire and win back customers.

3.

Place: We are accelerating and optimizing connecting with, inspiring and energizing our customers by becoming a truly omni-always retailer to
serve their preferred shopping needs.

4.

Promise: We are clarifying and deepening our relationship with our customers by connecting, engaging and motivating them to strengthen loyalty
and lifetime value.

5.

People: We are creating and sustaining a talent engine and culture that attracts, retains and develops high-performing teams who consistently
deliver operational excellence and business results.

With these five pillars as our guide, we are embracing a commitment to reconstruct and modernize our operating model to drive efficiency and
effectiveness, charting a new course for our Company.
•

Product. We are pursuing three key initiatives across our product strategy: developing an inspirational and more productive assortment, working
closing with suppliers to reduce product cost and improving inventory management. We are rebuilding our authority in destination categories such
as bedding, bath, kitchen food prep and home organization, which will feature the launch of more than 10 new proprietary owned brands over the
next few years that will address a wide variety of customer needs, including value, style and destination categories. At the same time, we will be
elevating the customer experience both in-store and online to be more inspirational, focusing on destination rooms and making it easier to navigate
and more convenient to shop. As we build out our new assortment, we expect to leverage our scale and volume to re-negotiate significantly lower
sourcing costs from our suppliers. In addition, we are strengthening our inventory management capabilities by moving to a centralized ordering
and replenishment system expected to optimize inventory by channel and store, improve markdown management and drive overall productivity.

•

Price. Our data-driven pricing strategy includes four key elements: ensuring our products are competitively priced, having a more value-driven
assortment across a variety of price points, building more disciplined processes to drive effective and efficient promotions, and strengthening the
way we communicate value to our customers. We regularly monitor price levels at our competitors in order to ensure that our prices are in
accordance with our pricing philosophy. We will also continue to improve price competitiveness across key categories while also addressing
assortment gaps in value tiers, to help us compete better with mass retailers and attract new customers to our business. We will use data-

6

Table of Contents

driven insights to build discipline into the use of promotions, to increase return on investment and reduce ineffective promotional activity.
•

Place. Our growth strategy leads with digital across channels and leverages our stores to our competitive advantage to drive a seamless customer
experience. We are enhancing our digital experience through improved storytelling, making our websites and mobile site speeds faster, and
making it easier for customers to find what they need and place an order more quickly. To create a more seamless experience across channels, we
have also launched new omni-channel services such as BOPIS, contactless Curbside pickup and Same Day Delivery. We have expanded our ship
from store capabilities, leveraging our national footprint and local market proximity to demand, and we are enhancing our store experience
through data-driven store remodels and improving the productivity of our stores through a network optimization program.

•

Promise. With a large customer base of approximately 37 million, one in five homes in the U.S., is a Bed Bath & Beyond home. The addition of
11 million new digital customers during 2020 highlights our strong potential to attract, retain and drive spend within the Home, Baby, Beauty &
Wellness markets. As part of our strategic growth plans, we are launching a new customer value proposition to deepen connections with five core
customer segments. In addition, we are developing an enterprise-wide strategy to unlock value across our core brands, including plans for a
reinvented loyalty program to deepen customer relationships and motivate increased shopping across categories, channels and banners.

•

People. Since the appointment of our President and CEO, Mark Tritton, we have recruited highly energetic, experienced and innovative leaders to
work together, lead innovation and modernization, drive growth and accelerate the pace of change across our business. We are committed to
creating and sustaining a talent engine and culture that attracts, retains and develops high performing team members who consistently deliver
operational excellence and business results. As we consider how best to position associates to support our business and drive efficiency and
effectiveness, we are guided by four principles: to be customer inspired, omni-always, people-powered and performance-driven.

Divestitures
During fiscal 2020, we divested of five non-core banners, including One Kings Lane in the first quarter, PersonalizationMall.com in the second quarter,
Linen Holdings and Christmas Tree Shops in the third quarter and Cost Plus World Market in the fourth quarter, generating approximately $534 million in
net proceeds, which are expected to be used to reinvest in our core business operations to drive growth, fund share repurchases, reduce our outstanding
debt, or some combination of these. See "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for detailed
information relating to these divestitures.
Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic
As discussed in more detail throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has materially disrupted our
operations to date. In compliance with relevant government directives, we closed all of our retail banner stores across the U.S. and Canada as of March 23,
2020, except for most stand-alone BABY and Harmon stores, which were categorized as essential given the nature of their products. In May 2020, we
announced a phased approach to re-open our stores in compliance with relevant government directives, and as of the end of July 2020, nearly all of our
stores reopened. We cannot predict, however, whether reopened stores will remain open, particularly as the regions in which we operate are experiencing a
resurgence of reported new cases of COVID-19 and hospitalizations. In response to the health risks caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we expanded our
recently rolled out BOPIS, contactless Curbside Pickup and Same Day Delivery services to cover the vast majority of our stores.
In conjunction with the temporary store closures, we implemented additional cost reductions, including a furlough of the majority of store associates and a
portion of corporate associates. We provided impacted store associates with applicable pay and benefits through April 3, 2020, and impacted corporate
associates with pay and benefits through April 18, 2020. In addition, we had continued to pay 100% of the cost of healthcare premiums for all associates
who participated in our health plan. Nearly all of the associates who were subject to furlough returned to work as of the third quarter of fiscal 2020. We also
implemented a temporary reduction in salaries of our executive team by 30% through May 16, 2020, and a temporary reduction in the quarterly cash
compensation of the independent members of the Board of Directors by 30% for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We also modified our fiscal 2020 capital
investment plan, focusing on our core business and key projects that support our digital and omni fulfillment capabilities, including the introduction of
BOPIS and contactless Curbside Pickup services, omni inventory management, and digital marketing and personalization.

7

Table of Contents

Competition
We operate in a highly competitive business environment and compete with other national, regional, local and online retailers that may carry similar lines
of merchandise, including department stores, specialty stores, off-price stores, mass merchandise stores and online only retailers. We believe that the key to
competing in our industry is to provide best-in-class customer service and customer experiences in stores and online, which includes providing compelling
price and value; high-quality and differentiated products, services and solutions; convenience; technology; personalization; and appealing and experiential
store environments.
Suppliers
We purchase substantially all of our merchandise in the United States, the majority from domestic sources (who may manufacture overseas) and the
balance from importers. We purchase a small amount of our merchandise directly from overseas sources. In fiscal 2020, we purchased our merchandise
from approximately 7,800 suppliers with our largest supplier accounting for approximately 7% of our merchandise purchases and the ten largest suppliers
accounting for approximately 24% of such purchases. We have no long-term contracts for the purchases of merchandise. We believe that most
merchandise, other than brand name goods, is available from a variety of sources and that most brand name goods can be replaced with comparable
merchandise.
We are in the early stages of expanding our direct importing and direct sourcing capabilities. We believe that our expanding global sourcing capabilities
will allow for a higher penetration of sourced and developed proprietary owned brands in our merchandise assortment.
Distribution
A substantial portion of our merchandise is shipped to stores through a combination of third-party facilities, including cross dock locations, or through our
operated distribution facilities that are located throughout the United States. The remaining merchandise is shipped directly from vendors. Merchandise is
shipped directly to customers from one of our distribution facilities, stores or from vendors. The majority of our shipments are made by contract carriers
depending upon location. See "Item 2 – Properties" for additional information regarding the Company’s distribution facilities.
Marketing
We employ a digital-first, omni-channel approach to marketing that is strategically designed to deliver maximum consumer engagement. The customerinspired marketing mix includes a comprehensive range of touchpoints, including social, search, mobile SMS, email, digital video, display, content and
influencer marketing, online affiliate programs and public relations, as well as traditional broadcast and print media, circulars, catalogs and our well-known
"big blue" coupons. We continue to invest in new technology tools that we expect will allow us to make significant strides in integrating our extensive
customer data with relevant third-party data, in order to better scale, tailor and personalize marketing communications for our key customer segments.
Customer Care
Our omni-always strategy is rooted in elevating the end-to-end experience for our customers across all channels, brands and banners. Through a customer
inspired lens, we invest in capabilities necessary to continuously evolve and deliver a seamless experience to our customers. Our digital-first customer care
makes it easy for customers to connect with us through chat, phone, and our digital properties including our newly relaunched mobile apps that offer quick
access to self-serve capabilities. Our holistic approach to customer care is designed to make it convenient for our customers to access help wherever and
whenever they need it.
Tradenames, Service Marks and Domain Names
We use the service marks "Bed Bath & Beyond," "buybuy BABY," "Harmon," "Face Values" and "Decorist" in connection with our retail services. We have
registered trademarks and service marks or are seeking registrations for these and other trademarks and service marks with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office. In addition, we have registered or have applications pending with the trademark registries of several foreign countries, including the
"Bed Bath & Beyond" name and logo registered in Canada and Mexico and the "buybuy BABY" name and logo registered in Canada. We also own a
number of product trademarks. We file patent applications and seek copyright registrations where we deem such to be advantageous to the business. We
believe that our name recognition and service marks are important elements of our merchandising strategy.

8

Table of Contents

We also own a number of domain names, including bedbathandbeyond.com, bedbathandbeyond.ca, buybuybaby.com, buybuybaby.ca,
harmondiscount.com, facevalues.com and decorist.com.
People and Culture
Our strategic transformation is based on five key pillars: product, price, promise, place and people. The people pillar of our transformation strategy
communicates our commitment to creating and sustaining a talent engine and culture that attracts, retains and develops high performing team members who
consistently deliver operational excellence and business results.
We believe that developing and fostering a company culture that supports our value proposition, including aligning the value proposition of our associates
with that of our customers, is critical to our strategy. As we consider how best to position associates to support our business and drive efficiency and
effectiveness, we are guided by four principles: to be customer inspired, omni-always, people-powered and performance-driven.
In 2020, we continued to assemble a new leadership team with deep industry expertise, and new skill sets, including omnichannel business experience, to
complement existing in-house capabilities. As part of further organizational realignment efforts, we are evaluating the current allocation of resources at all
levels to best utilize the skills and experience of our associates, while also recognizing the need to recruit new talent and perspectives, to accelerate our
transformation. To support associate recruitment and retention, we are modernizing our new total rewards program to provide incentives, recognition and
benefit programs that reflect the changing needs of our associates, with an emphasis on supporting associate wellbeing.
As set forth in our Commitment to Equal Opportunity and Diversity statement, we believe that our diverse workforce contributes to the strong bond
associates have with customers. We are committed to diversity, equity and inclusion and providing opportunities for professional and personal growth to all
associates, regardless of background. We are in the process of collecting associate baseline data and evaluating our demographic profile through various
lenses as the first step toward tracking organizational diversity and establishing metric goals. We also will appoint a Chief Diversity Officer in fiscal 2021
and are looking at additional opportunities to establish an inclusive associate community, including continuing to conduct bias assessments, providing
unconscious bias training, supporting our first Associate Resource Group (Beyond Black Associates Coalition) and establishing a framework for expanding
affinity groups, and promoting events that raise awareness and celebrate diverse experiences.
The health and wellbeing of our customers and associates is one of our top priorities. On March 23, 2020, we temporarily closed all of our retail stores
across the US and Canada, other than BABY and Harmon stores, subject to state and local regulations. In connection with these closures and the related
furlough of the majority of store associates and a portion of corporate associates, we paid 100% of the health care premiums for furloughed associates. We
also initiated a new COVID sick time policy. We implemented rapid response programs for our associates, including COVID protocols and safety tips to
keep our teams safe, and also initiated a new Store Safety Plan guided by our medical advisor and national, state, and local guidance. We also launched a
microsite to more effectively communicate our COVID plan and policies and serve as a resource for our customers and associates, including mask,
cleaning and social distancing requirements, associate temperature checks and other procedures. New policies to address stress and work-life harmony for
associates working remotely include a stipend for office supplies, meeting-free lunch hours and dedicated personal focus time on Fridays after noon.
Beyond COVID, we are also considering the future of how we work and implementing policies and practices that create a work environment that prioritizes
safety, as well as flexibility and associate mental wellbeing.
As of February 27, 2021, we had approximately 37,600 associates, including approximately 31,200 store associates and 4,500 supply chain associates. We
invest a great deal of time and effort in our relationship with our associates, and consider that relationship to be good.
Government Regulations
We believe that we are in compliance with all applicable government regulations, including environmental regulations. We do not anticipate any material
effects on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position as a result of our efforts to comply with applicable government regulations.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to seasonal influences. Generally, our sales volumes are higher in the calendar months of August (back to school), November and
December (holiday), and lower in February.

9

Table of Contents

Available Information
We make available as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), free of charge, through our
websites, www.bedbathandbeyond.com, and http://bedbathandbeyond.gcs-web.com/financial-information/sec-filings, our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, electronically filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ITEM 1A – RISK FACTORS
MACROECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS
General economic factors beyond our control, including the impact of COVID-19, and changes in the economic climate could adversely affect, and
have materially adversely affected, our performance.
General economic factors that are beyond our control could impact our forecasts and actual performance. These factors include, but are not limited to,
housing markets, recession, inflation, deflation, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, fuel and energy costs, interest rates, tax rates and policy,
unemployment trends, the impact of natural disasters such as pandemics, civil disturbances and terrorist activities, foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations, conditions affecting the retail environment for products sold by us and other matters that influence consumer spending and preferences.
Changes in the economic climate and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially adversely affected, and could continue to materially adversely
affect, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic. In an effort to slow the spread of COVID-19, national
and local governments in regions in which we operate have enacted various measures, including travel restrictions or bans, restrictions on events and
gatherings and various other “social distancing” recommendations. In response to COVID-19, we temporarily closed all retail store locations as of March
23, 2020 (other than BABY and Harmon Face Values stores). On May 8, 2020, we announced a phased approach to re-open a number of stores, subject to
state and local regulations, and nearly all of our stores have reopened (sometimes in a limited capacity) as of July 2020. Despite the gradual re-opening of
stores, the extent, severity and overall duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including its recent resurgence, and the temporary store closures have resulted
in significant continuing uncertainty, and the overall impact of COVID-19 may continue to materially and adversely impact our business and could also
result in the recording of additional non-cash impairment charges. In future periods, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity
may be materially adversely impacted by reduced store traffic and consumer spending due to, among other things, significant continued unemployment and
economic downturn, as well as consumer anxiety regarding shopping in physical stores. We could also suffer reputational harm or other potential liability if
we were to experience widespread transmission of COVID-19 at one or more of our stores or other facilities.
The impacts and potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic that could directly or indirectly materially affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity also include, but are not limited to:
•

Potential failure of third parties on which we rely, including our suppliers, commercial banks and other external business partners, to meet their
obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties, or by
travel restrictions and border closures;

•

Negative impact on our employees. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel and work
locations, cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences and a furlough of the majority of store associates and a
portion of corporate associates, nearly all of whom have returned as of the third quarter of fiscal 2020), and we may take further actions as may be
required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees;

•

Potential impact on our ability to meet our obligations to business partners, including under our secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the
"ABL Facility"), which contains a springing minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, customary representations, warranties and affirmative and
negative covenants, and under our current lease obligations. We have renegotiated and continue to renegotiate payment terms for goods, services
and rent. Similar to other retailers, we have also withheld portions of and/or delayed payments to certain of our business partners as we negotiate
revisions to our payment terms, in order to further maintain liquidity given the temporary store closures. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to successfully renegotiate payment terms with all such business partners, and the ultimate outcome of these activities, including the
responses of all business partners, are not yet known;

•

Significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for our products, which have been and may continue to be caused by, among
other things, the temporary inability of consumers to shop at our stores or buy our

10

Table of Contents

products due to illness, quarantine or other travel restrictions, unemployment or other financial hardship, and shifts in demand away from one or
more of our more discretionary or higher priced products to lower priced products; and
•

Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect the value of our common stock and availability and cost of credit, which
could negatively affect our liquidity.

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve rapidly, and the extent of the adverse impact of COVID-19 on the economy and us will depend, in part, on
the length and severity of the measures taken to limit the spread of the virus, including the distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, and, in
part, on the size and effectiveness of the compensating measures taken by governments. We are closely monitoring the potential effects and impact on our
business, operations, financial condition and financial performance, including liquidity and capital usage, though the extent is difficult to fully predict at
this time due to the rapid evolution of this uncertain situation. For more information on the impact of COVID-19 on our business, see "Item 1 - Business Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic."
We operate in the highly competitive retail business where the use of emerging technologies as well as unanticipated changes in the pricing and
other practices of competitors may adversely affect our performance.
The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for customers, employees, locations, merchandise, technology, services and other important aspects
of the business with many other local, regional and national retailers. These competitors range from specialty retailers to department stores and discounters
as well as online and multichannel retailers, some of which are larger than us with significantly greater financial resources. In recent years, competition has
further intensified as a result of reduced discretionary consumer spending, increased promotional activity and deep price discounting.
Rapidly evolving technologies are also altering the manner in which we and our competitors communicate and transact with customers. Our execution of
the elements of our transformation strategy is designed to adapt to these changes, in the context of competitors’ actions, customers' adoption of new
technology and related changes in customer behavior, and presents a specific risk in the event that we are unable to successfully execute our plans or adjust
them over time as needed. Further, unanticipated changes in pricing and other practices of our competitors, including promotional activity (particularly
during holiday periods), reduced thresholds for free shipping and rapid price fluctuation enabled by technology, may adversely affect our performance. If
we are unable to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape and maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward
pressure on prices, lower demand for our merchandise, reduced sales and margins, inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and loss of
market share. For more information on our strategy, see "Item 1 - Business - Strategy."
Our failure to anticipate and respond in a timely fashion to changes in consumer preferences and demographic factors may adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing merchandise trends, customer demands and demographics in
order to maintain and attract customers. Our failure to anticipate, identify or react appropriately to changes in customer tastes, preferences, shopping and
spending patterns and other life interest decisions, including as a result of COVID-19, could lead to, among other things, excess inventories or a shortage of
products and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, we must manage our inventory effectively and commensurately with customer demand. Often, we need to order merchandise, and enter into
contracts for the purchase and manufacturing of such merchandise, multiple seasons in advance of and frequently before customer trends and preferences
are known. The extended lead times for many of our purchases may make it difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing trends and preferences.
As a result, we are vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and to misjudgments in the selection and timing of merchandise purchases. If we do not
accurately predict our customers’ preferences and demands for our products, our inventory levels will not be appropriate, and our business, results of
operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted.
Our business is seasonal in nature, which could negatively affect our results of operations and financial performance.
Our business is subject to seasonal influences, with a significant portion of sales and revenues historically realized during the back to school and holiday
seasons. We must carry a significant amount of inventory during this time, and if we are not able to sell the inventory, we may be required to take
significant inventory markdowns or write-offs, which could reduce profitability. Similarly, if we do not adequately stock or restock popular products,
particularly during the back to school and holiday seasons, and fail to meet customer demand, revenue and customer loyalty may be adversely impacted.

11

Table of Contents

In addition, our financial results during the holiday season may fluctuate significantly based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and
weather conditions, and any such fluctuation could have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations for the entire fiscal year. Because of the
seasonality of our business, our operating results vary considerably from quarter to quarter, and results from any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year.
STRATEGY RISKS
We may face challenges in executing our omnichannel strategy and expanding our operations to ecommerce.
During fiscal 2020, we began executing on elements of our new growth strategy, which we comprehensively communicated during our October 2020
Investor Day. Our ability to implement our strategic direction is based on a number of key assumptions regarding the future economic environment and our
ability to meet certain ambitions, goals and targets, among other things. If any of these assumptions (including but not limited to our ability to meet certain
ambitions, goals and targets) prove inaccurate in whole or in part, our ability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of this strategy could be
limited, including our ability to meet our stated financial objectives and retain key employees. Factors beyond our control, including but not limited to
market and economic conditions, execution risk related to the implementation of our strategy and other challenges and risk factors discussed in this annual
report, could limit our ability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of this strategy. If we are unable to implement this strategy successfully in
whole or in part or should the components of the strategy that are implemented fail to produce the expected benefits, our business, results of operations,
financial condition and financial performance may be materially and adversely affected.
Additionally, an important part of our strategy involves providing customers with a seamless omnichannel shopping experience. Customer expectations
about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are evolving, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and they are
increasingly using technology to compare and purchase products. Once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of
those products. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our omnichannel strategy,
and our ability to compete and meet customer expectations may suffer if we are unable to provide relevant customer-facing technology and omnichannel
experiences. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and financial performance could be materially adversely affected. For
more information on our strategy, see "Item 1 - Business - Strategy."
Successful execution of our omnichannel strategy is dependent, in part, on our ability to establish and profitably maintain the appropriate mix of
digital and physical presence in the markets we serve.
Successful execution of our omnichannel strategy depends, in part, on our ability to develop our digital capabilities in conjunction with optimizing our
physical store operations and market coverage, while maintaining profitability. Our ability to develop these capabilities will depend on a number of factors,
including our assessment and implementation of emerging technologies and our ability to manage the rapid increase in online orders as a result of the
COVID-19 pandemic as well as our ability to drive store traffic upon the expected return of in-person shopping. Our ability to optimize our store operations
and market coverage requires active management of our real estate portfolio in a manner that permits store sizes, layouts, locations and offerings to evolve
over time, which to the extent it involves the relocation of existing stores or the opening of additional stores will depend on a number of factors, including
our identification and availability of suitable locations; our success in negotiating leases on acceptable terms; and our timely development of new stores,
including the availability of construction materials and labor and the absence of significant construction and other delays based on weather or other events.
These factors could potentially increase the cost of doing business and the risk that our business practices could result in liabilities that may adversely affect
our performance, despite the exercise of reasonable care.
There are risks associated with our store network optimization strategies, pursuant to which we plan to close approximately 200 mostly BBB
stores by the end of fiscal 2021.
As part of our ongoing business transformation, our Board approved the planned closure of approximately 200 mostly BBB stores by the end of fiscal 2021
as part of our store network optimization program. In connection with this program, we expect to incur one-time costs, including contract termination costs,
employee-related costs, professional fees and non-cash impairment charges, which cannot reasonably be estimated at this time. We may not be able to
complete the planned store closures in the timeframe, on the terms or in the manner it expects. In addition, the announced program involves numerous
risks, including, without limitation, the diversion of our attention from our businesses and operations. If these or other factors impair our ability to
successfully implement the program, we may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of the program, which may materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. As of February 27, 2021, 144 of the BBB stores have been closed.

12

Table of Contents

Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we have sold could
adversely affect our financial statements.
We continually assess shareholder value and strategic fit of our existing businesses, and may divest or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not
to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired shareholder value or return on investment. Such transactions pose risks and challenges that
could negatively impact our business, including, but not limited to, not being able to achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits or obtain
satisfactory terms within our anticipated timeframe or at all. Even after reaching a definitive agreement to sell or dispose a business, the sale is typically
subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions which may not become satisfied. In addition, divestitures or other dispositions may dilute our earnings per
share or adversely impact corporate overhead contribution/allocation associated with divested brands, have other adverse financial and accounting impacts
and distract management or result in disputes with buyers. We may also be required to indemnify buyers against known and unknown contingent liabilities
related to any businesses we have sold or disposed. The resolution of these contingencies may have a material effect on our financial statements.
In addition, uncertainty about the effect of any potential divestiture on employees, business partners, suppliers and vendors may have an adverse effect on
us. These uncertainties may impair our ability to retain and motivate key personnel and could cause business partners, suppliers, vendors and others that
deal with us to defer or decline entering into contracts with us or seek to change existing business relationships with us. In addition, if key employees
depart because of uncertainty about their future roles and the potential complexities of any potential divestiture, our business could be harmed. If we are
unable to divest any such businesses, we may not be able to find another buyer on the same terms and will continue to be subject to the risks of operating
such businesses. For more information on our strategy and recent divestitures, see "Item 1 - Business."
OPERATIONAL RISKS
A major disruption of our information technology systems could negatively impact results of operations.
Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by a major disruption of our information technology systems. We rely heavily on these systems to
process transactions, manage inventory replenishment, summarize results and control distribution of products. Despite numerous safeguards and careful
contingency planning, these systems are still subject to power outages, telecommunication failures, cybercrimes, cybersecurity attacks and other
catastrophic events. Our information technology systems could also be adversely affected by changes that result from COVID-19, including, for example,
the significant increase in remote working of our employees and the increase in online orders due to restrictions on our retail operations. A major disruption
of the systems and their backup mechanisms may cause us to incur significant costs to repair the systems, experience a critical loss of data and/or result in
business interruptions.
A breach of our data security systems or those of our third-party service providers could have a negative impact on our results of operations and
financial performance due to possible loss of consumer confidence, as well as potential government penalties and private litigation.
We process, transmit, store and maintain certain information about our customers and employees in the ordinary course of business. In connection with
certain activities, including, without limitation credit card processing, website hosting, data encryption and software support, we utilize third party service
providers, and we believe we take appropriate steps to require such providers to secure such information and to assess their ability to do so. We invest
considerable resources in protecting this sensitive information but are still subject to a possible security event, including but not limited to cybercrimes or
cybersecurity attacks which may not be detected for a period of time. A breach of our security systems or those of our third-party service providers
resulting in unauthorized access to stored personal information could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations and financial performance.
Certain aspects of the business, particularly our websites, depend heavily on consumers entrusting personal financial information to be transmitted securely
over public networks. A loss of consumer confidence from such a breach could result in lost future sales and have a material adverse effect on our
reputation. In addition, a breach or other type of cybercrime or cybersecurity attack could cause us to incur significant costs to restore the integrity of our
data and systems, could require the devotion of significant management resources and could result in significant government penalties and private
litigation.
In particular, in connection with COVID-19, there has been a spike in cybersecurity attacks as shelter in place orders and work from home measures have
led businesses to increase reliance on virtual environments and communications systems, which have been subjected to increasing third-party
vulnerabilities and security risks. Malicious hackers may attempt to gain access to our network or data centers; steal proprietary information related to our
business, products, employees, and customers; or interrupt our systems and services or those of our customers or others. Although we monitor our networks
and continue to enhance our

13

Table of Contents

security protections, hackers are increasingly more sophisticated and aggressive, and our efforts may be inadequate to prevent all incidents of data breach
or theft.
In October 2019, we discovered that a third party acquired e-mail and password information from a source outside of our systems that was used to access
less than 1% of our online customer accounts. On October 29, 2019, we sent notifications to certain customers as required by applicable legal requirements.
None of our online customers’ payment cards were compromised as a result of this incident. Since becoming aware of this incident, we retained a leading
security forensics firm and have implemented remedial measures.
Damage to our reputation in any aspect of our operations could potentially impact our operating and financial results.
Our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities, so incidents involving us, our products or the retail industry in general that erode
customer trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and our business. As we increase the number of items available to be shipped directly
from a vendor to a customer for home delivery or in-home assembly, any deficiencies in the performance of these third party merchandise vendors and
service providers could also have a material adverse effect on our reputation, despite our monitoring controls and procedures. In addition, challenges to our
compliance with a variety of social, product, labor and environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and lead to adverse publicity,
especially in social media. The use of social media by us and consumers has also increased the risk that our reputation could be negatively impacted. The
availability of information and opinion on social media is immediate, as is its impact. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including
inaccurate and inflammatory information and opinion, is virtually limitless. Information about or affecting us is easily accessible and rapidly disseminated.
Damage to our brand and reputation could potentially impact our operating and financial results, diminish customer trust and generate negative sentiment,
as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
Our success is dependent, in part, on managing costs of labor, merchandise and other expenses that are subject to factors beyond our control.
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and to look for opportunities to reduce costs. Our ability to meet our labor needs
while controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation, labor organizing
activities and changing demographics. Our ability to find qualified merchandise vendors and service providers and obtain access to products in a timely and
efficient manner can be adversely affected by trade restrictions, political instability, financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ noncompliance with
applicable laws, transportation costs, disruptions to our supply chain network serving our stores, distribution facilities and customers due to labor
disturbances and other items, and other factors beyond our control, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on temporary store closures and
employee furloughs.
Disruptions of our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our operating and financial results.
Disruption of our supply chain capabilities due to trade restrictions, port-related issues such as closures, congestion or delays, political instability, weather,
natural disaster, pandemics (including COVID-19), terrorism, product recalls, labor supply or stoppages, financial and/or operational instability of key
suppliers and carriers, or other reasons could impair our ability to distribute our products. To the extent we are unable to mitigate the likelihood or potential
impact of such events, it could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
Our success is dependent, in part, on the ability of our employees in all areas of the organization to execute our business plan and, ultimately, to
satisfy our customers.
Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees in all areas of the organization may be affected by a number of factors, including geographic relocation
of employees, operations or facilities and the highly competitive markets in which we operate, including the markets for the types of skilled individuals
needed to support our continued success.
We rely on our management team and other key personnel.
We depend on the skills, working relationships, and continued services of key personnel. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on
our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented
personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel. Any such loss or failure could adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

14

Table of Contents

In particular, our continued success will depend in part on our ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees. If key employees terminate their
employment, become ill as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or if an insufficient number of employees is retained to maintain effective operations, our
business activities may be adversely affected and our management team's attention may be diverted. In addition, we may not be able to locate suitable
replacements for any key employees who leave or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, all of which could adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.
Unusual weather patterns could adversely affect our performance.
Our operating results could be negatively impacted by unusual weather patterns. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms, hurricanes, floods,
tornados or extended periods of unseasonable temperatures could adversely affect our performance.
CAPITAL RISKS
Disruptions in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to access our cash and cash equivalents.
We may have amounts of cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions that are in excess of federally insured limits. While we closely manage our cash
and cash equivalents balances to minimize risk, if there were disruptions in the financial markets or continue to be disruptions in the financial markets due
to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we cannot be assured that we will not experience losses on our deposits, and it may negatively impact the
availability and cost of capital.
Our stock price has been and may continue to be subject to volatility, and this and other factors may affect elements of our capital allocation
strategy such as share repurchases, future dividends and debt reduction.
Our stock price has experienced volatility over time and this volatility may continue, in part due to factors such as those mentioned in this Item 1A. Stock
volatility in itself may adversely affect shareholder confidence as well as employee morale and retention for those associates who receive equity grants as
part of their compensation packages. The impact on employee morale and retention could adversely affect our business performance and financial results.
Stock volatility and other factors may also affect elements of our capital allocation strategy, and our ability to use equity to fund acquisitions or raise
capital.
As part of our capital allocation strategy, since December 2004, our Board of Directors has authorized several share repurchase programs, and in April
2016, the Board of Directors authorized a quarterly dividend program. Decisions regarding share repurchases and dividends are within the discretion of the
Board of Directors, and will be influenced by a number of factors, including the price of our common stock, general business and economic conditions, our
financial condition and operating results, the emergence of alternative investment or acquisition opportunities, changes in business strategy and other
factors. Changes in, or the elimination of, our share repurchase programs or dividend could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common
stock. Our share repurchase program could change, and would be influenced by several factors, including business and market conditions, such as the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our stock price. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in March 2020, we postponed our plans for share
repurchases and suspended the payment of dividends and planned debt reductions. We recommenced share repurchase programs on October 28, 2020 and
also entered into accelerated share repurchase programs on October 28, 2020 and January 7, 2021 (as amended on January 29, 2021), totaling
$375.0 million. For more information on our dividends and share repurchase programs, see "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations."
Our business would be adversely affected if we are unable to service our debt obligations.
We have incurred indebtedness under senior unsecured notes and have entered into the ABL Facility. Our ability to pay interest and principal when due,
comply with debt covenants or repurchase the senior unsecured notes if a change of control occurs, will depend upon, among other things, sales and cash
flow levels and other factors that affect our future financial and operating performance, including prevailing economic conditions and financial and
business factors, many of which are beyond our control. Given the current economic environment, and the continuing adverse effects of the COVID-19
pandemic, for example, we may be unable to maintain compliance with the springing minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant under the ABL
Facility in future periods, to the extent the covenant is applicable under the terms of the ABL Facility, which would result in an event of default under the
ABL Facility and could, at the direction of the requisite lenders, result in the acceleration of the obligation to repay the outstanding amounts thereunder if
not waived by the applicable lenders.

15

Table of Contents

If we become unable in the future to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service requirements, we may be forced to take remedial actions such as
restructuring or refinancing our debt; seeking additional debt or equity capital; reducing or delaying our business activities, or selling assets. There can be
no assurance that any such measures would be successful.
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS
Changes in statutory, regulatory, and other legal requirements at a local, state or provincial and national level, or deemed noncompliance with
such requirements, could potentially impact our operating and financial results.
We are subject to numerous statutory, regulatory and legal requirements at a local, state or provincial and national level, and this regulatory environment is
subject to constant change. Our operating results could be negatively impacted by developments in these areas due to the costs of compliance in addition to
possible government penalties and litigation in the event of deemed noncompliance. Changes in the law or the regulatory environment in the areas of
customer, employee or product safety, environmental protection, privacy and information security, wage and hour laws, and international trade policy,
among others, could adversely impact our operations and financial results.
Changes to accounting rules, regulations and tax laws, or new interpretations of existing accounting standards or tax laws could negatively impact
our operating results and financial position.
Our operating results and financial position could be negatively impacted by changes to accounting rules and regulations or new interpretations of existing
accounting standards. Our effective income tax rate could be impacted by changes in accounting standards as well as changes in tax laws or the
interpretations of these tax laws by courts and taxing authorities which could negatively impact our financial results. Such changes would include for
example, the possible adoption by the United States of additional tariffs, or the disallowance of tax deductions, with respect to imported merchandise.
New, or developments in existing, litigation, claims or assessments could potentially impact our reputation, operating and financial results.
We are involved in litigation, claims and assessments incidental to our business, the disposition of which is not expected to have a material effect on our
reputation, financial position or results of operations. It is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period
could be materially adversely affected by changes in our assumptions related to these matters. While outcomes of such actions vary, any such claim or
assessment against us could negatively impact our reputation, operations and financial results.
A failure of our suppliers to adhere to appropriate laws, regulations or standards could negatively impact our reputation.
We purchase substantially all of our merchandise in the United States, the majority from domestic sources (who may manufacture overseas) and the
balance from importers. We purchase a small amount of our merchandise directly from overseas sources. The failure of one of our domestic or foreign
suppliers to adhere to labor, environmental, privacy, health and safety laws, regulations and standards could negatively impact our reputation and have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

ITEM 1B – UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.

ITEM 2 – PROPERTIES
Most of our stores are located in suburban areas of medium and large-sized cities. These stores are situated in strip and power strip shopping centers, as
well as in major off-price and conventional malls, and in free standing buildings.
As of February 27, 2021, our 1,020 stores are located in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada and range in size from
approximately 4,000 to 100,000 square feet, but are predominantly between 18,000 and 50,000 square feet. Approximately 85% to 90% of store space is
used for selling areas.

16

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth the locations of our stores as of February 27, 2021:
STORE LOCATIONS
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico

15
1
24
7
97
20
14
4
72
27
1
8
32
14
8
10
8
12
4
14
23
32
11
7
16
6
6
10
10
72
5

New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Puerto Rico
Alberta, Canada
British Columbia, Canada
Manitoba, Canada
New Brunswick, Canada
Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada
Nova Scotia, Canada
Ontario, Canada
Prince Edward Island, Canada
Saskatchewan, Canada
Total

72
26
2
26
9
11
27
2
15
2
19
78
7
2
28
23
2
10
2
1
2
15
11
2
2
1
2
28
1
2
1,020

We lease substantially all of our existing stores. The leases provide for original lease terms that generally range from 10 to 15 years and most leases provide
for a series of five year renewal options, often at increased rents, the exercise of which is at our sole discretion. We evaluate leases on an ongoing basis
which may lead to renegotiated lease provisions, including rent and term duration, or the possible relocation or closing of stores. We have more than 120
store leases that are up for renewal in 2021, which provide opportunity to evaluate additional store closures and relocations. Certain leases provide for
scheduled rent increases (which, in the case of fixed increases, we account for on a straight-line basis over the committed lease term, beginning when we
obtain possession of the premises) and/or for contingent rent (based upon store sales exceeding stipulated amounts).
We have distribution facilities, which ship merchandise to stores and customers, totaling approximately 3.4 million square feet, all of which are leased
facilities.
As of February 27, 2021, we have approximately 743,000 square feet within 11 leased and owned facilities for procurement and corporate office functions.

ITEM 3 – LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
A putative securities class action was filed on April 14, 2020 against our Company and three of our officers and/or directors (Mark Tritton, Mary Winston
(the Company’s former Interim Chief Executive Officer) and Robyn D’Elia (the Company’s former Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer)) in the United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey (the "New Jersey federal court"). The case, which is captioned Vitiello v. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., et al.,
Case No. 2:20-cv-04240-MCA-MAH, asserts claims under §§ 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") on behalf of a
putative class of purchasers of our securities from October 2, 2019 through February 11, 2020. The Complaint alleges that certain of our disclosures about
financial performance and certain other public statements during the putative class period were materially false or misleading. A similar putative securities
class action, asserting the same claims on behalf of the same putative class against the same defendants, was filed on April 30, 2020. That case, captioned
Kirkland v. Bed Bath & Beyond

17

Table of Contents

Inc., et al., Case No. 1:20-cv-05339-MCA-MAH, is also pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. On August 14, 2020, the
court consolidated the two cases and appointed Kavin Bakhda as lead plaintiff pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Lead
plaintiff and additional named plaintiff Richard Lipka filed an Amended Class Action Complaint on October 20, 2020, on behalf of a putative class of
purchasers of our securities from September 4, 2019 through February 11, 2020. Defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint on December 21,
2020.
On July 10, 2020, the first of three related shareholder derivative actions was filed in the New Jersey federal court on behalf of our Company against
various present and former directors and officers. The case, which is captioned Salu v. Tritton, et al., Case No. 2:20-cv-08673-MCA-MAH (D.N.J.), asserts
claims under §§10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets under state law
arising from the events underlying the securities class actions described above and from our repurchases of our own shares during the class period pled in
the securities cases. The two other derivative actions, which assert similar claims, are captioned Grooms v. Tritton, et al., Case No. 2:20-cv-09610-SDWRDW (D.N.J.) (filed July 29, 2020), and Mantia v. Fleming, et al., Case No. 2:20-cv-09763-MCA-MAH (D.N.J.) (filed July 31, 2020). On August 5, 2020,
the court signed a stipulation by the parties in the Salu case to stay that action pending disposition of a motion to dismiss in the securities class action,
subject to various terms outlined in the stipulation. The parties in all three derivative cases have moved to consolidate them and to apply the Salu stay of
proceedings to all three actions. The court granted the motion on October 14, 2020.
On August 28, 2020, another related shareholder derivative action, captioned Schneider v. Tritton, et al., Index No. 516051/2020, was filed in the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, County of Kings. The claims pled in the Schneider case are similar to those pled in the three federal derivative cases,
except that the Schneider complaint does not plead claims under the Exchange Act. On September 21, 2020, the parties filed a stipulation seeking to stay
that action pending disposition of a motion to dismiss in the securities class action, subject to various terms and conditions.
At this time, we are unable to estimate any potential losses that may be incurred and have not recorded a liability for the above matters.
The District Attorney's office for the County of Ventura, together with District Attorneys for other counties in California (together, the "District
Attorneys"), recently concluded an investigation regarding the management and disposal at our stores in California of certain materials that may be deemed
hazardous or universal waste under California law. On March 19, 2019, the District Attorneys provided us with a settlement demand that included a
proposed civil penalty, reimbursement of investigation costs, and certain injunctive relief, including modifications to our existing compliance program,
which already includes associate training, on-going review of disposal rules applicable to various product categories, and specialized third-party disposal.
During fiscal 2020, we agreed with the District Attorneys on a settlement payment of approximately $1.5 million to resolve the matter. We have also agreed
to spend $171,000 over the next 36 months on refinements to our compliance program. Our Company and the District Attorneys executed a Stipulated
Judgment to this effect, which was recently filed with the court. As of February 29, 2020, we had recorded an accrual for the estimated probable loss for
this matter, and made the related settlement payment during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.
While no assurance can be given as to the ultimate outcome of these matters, we do not believe that the final resolution will have a material adverse effect
on our consolidated financial position, results or liquidity. We are also a party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, which
we do not believe to be material to the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

ITEM 4 – MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable.

18

Table of Contents

PART II
ITEM 5 – MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol BBBY. On March 27, 2021, there were approximately 2,100
shareholders of record of the common stock (without including individual participants in nominee security position listings). On March 27, 2021, the last
reported sale price of the common stock was $29.26.
During fiscal 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a quarterly dividend program. During fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, total cash dividends of $23.1
million, $85.5 million and $86.3 million were paid, respectively. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have suspended our quarterly cash dividend
payments to support plans to build long-term shareholder value and further strengthen our financial flexibility beyond our cash position. Any quarterly cash
dividends to be paid in the future are subject to the determination by the Board of Directors, based on an evaluation of our earnings, financial condition and
requirements, business conditions and other factors.
Since 2004 through the end of fiscal 2020, we have repurchased approximately $11.0 billion of our common stock through share repurchase programs. Our
purchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 were as follows:

Period
November 29, 2020 - December 26, 2020
December 27, 2020 - January 23, 2021
January 24, 2021 - February 27, 2021
Total

Total Number of
Shares Purchased
(1)
3,600
5,001,700
6,346,000
11,351,300

Average Price
Paid per Share (2)
$
18.91
$
20.49
$
20.94
$
20.74

Total Number of
Shares Purchased as
Part of Publicly
Announced Plans
or Programs (1)
3,600
5,001,700
6,346,000
11,351,300

Approximate Dollar
Value of Shares
that May Yet Be
Purchased Under
the Plans or
Programs (1) (2) (3)
$
1,814,413,505
$
1,711,930,557
$
1,729,038,784
$
1,729,038,784

(1)

Between December 2004 and December 2020, our Board of Directors authorized, through several share repurchase programs, the repurchase of
$12.775 billion of our shares of common stock. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020, our Board of Directors expanded the existing share repurchase
authorization by an additional $175 million, which increased the total share repurchase authorization to $12.950 billion. We have authorization to make
repurchases from time to time in the open market or through other parameters approved by the Board of Directors pursuant to existing rules and
regulations. Shares purchased, as indicated in this table, include shares withheld to cover employee related taxes on vested restricted shares, restricted
stock units and performance stock unit awards, as well as shares purchased pursuant to accelerated share repurchase agreements, as defined below. Our
share repurchase program could change, and any future share repurchases will be subject to the determination of the Board of Directors, based on an
evaluation of our earnings, financial condition and requirements, business and market conditions and other factors, including the restrictions on share
repurchases under our secured asset-based revolving credit facility.

(2)

Excludes brokerage commissions paid by the Company, if any.

(3)

In the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we paid $225.0 million under an accelerated share repurchase agreement (the "ASR Agreement") to JPMorgan Chase
Bank, National Association (“JP Morgan”) and received an initial delivery of approximately 4.5 million shares. The Average Price Paid per Share was
calculated using the closing market value of the shares on the date the initial shares were delivered. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we received
an additional 6.3 million shares under the ASR Agreement.
On January 7, 2021 (as amended on January 29, 2021), we entered into an additional $150 million accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR
Agreement 2"), subject to market conditions, pursuant to which we paid $150.0 million to JP Morgan, and received an initial delivery of 5.0 million
shares. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020, final settlement under ASR Agreement 2 occurred and we received an additional 0.2 million shares.

19

Table of Contents

Stock Price Performance Graph
The graph shown below compares the performance of our common stock with that of the S&P 500 Index, the S&P Retail Composite Index and the S&P
500 Specialty Retail Index over the same period (assuming the investment of $100 in our common stock and each of the three Indexes on February 27,
2016, and the reinvestment of dividends, if any).

20

Table of Contents

ITEM 7 – MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS
OVERVIEW
We are an omnichannel retailer that makes it easy for our customers to feel at home. We sell a wide assortment of merchandise in the Home, Baby, Beauty
& Wellness markets and operate under the names Bed Bath & Beyond ("BBB"), buybuy BABY ("BABY"), and Harmon, Harmon Face Values, or Face
Values (collectively, "Harmon"). We also operate Decorist, an online interior design platform that provides personalized home design services. In addition,
we are a partner in a joint venture, which operates retail stores in Mexico under the name Bed Bath & Beyond.
For fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, we accounted for our operations as two operating segments: North American Retail and Institutional Sales, the latter of
which did not meet the quantitative thresholds under GAAP and, therefore, was not a reportable segment. The Institutional Sales operating segment was
comprised of Linen Holdings, which was divested in October 2020. We will continue to account for our operations as one North American Retail reporting
segment going forward.
We have undertaken significant changes over the past year, including extensive changes to executive leadership, as well as development of essential
strategies and plans to focus on positioning our business for long-term success. During the past year, as the world responded to the unparalleled challenge
of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken aggressive and thoughtful steps to safeguard our people and communities while we continue to serve our
customers. Similar to many other businesses, the COVID-19 pandemic served as a catalyst to accelerate the pace of change and innovation across our
Company, advancing ongoing efforts to reset our cost structure and build a modern, durable model for long-term profitable growth.
We are driving a digital-first, omni-always growth strategy and optimizing our digital and physical store channels to provide our customers with a seamless
omni-channel shopping experience. Digital purchases, including web and mobile, can be shipped to a customer from our distribution facilities, directly
from vendors, or from a store. Store purchases are primarily fulfilled from that store's inventory or may also be shipped to a customer from one of our
distribution facilities, from a vendor, or from another store. Customers can also choose to pick up orders using our newly introduced Buy Online Pickup In
Store ("BOPIS") and contactless Curbside Pickup services, as well as return online purchases to a store. Customers can also make purchases through one of
our customer contact centers and in-store through The Beyond Store, our proprietary web-based platform. These capabilities allow us to better serve our
customers across various channels.
Restructuring and Business Transformation
As part of our business transformation plan, we are pursuing a comprehensive cost restructuring program, to drive improved financial performance over the
next two-to-three years. We expect to reinvest a portion of the expected cost savings into future growth initiatives. Key components of the expected
financial improvement include:
•

Approximately $100 million in annual savings from our previously disclosed store network optimization project which includes the planned
closure of approximately 200 mostly BBB stores by the end of fiscal 2021. During fiscal 2020, we closed 144 BBB stores. We continue to believe
that our physical store channel is an asset for our transformation into a digital-first company, especially with new omni-fulfillment capabilities in
BOPIS, Curbside Pickup and Same Day Delivery;

•

Approximately $200 million in annual savings from product sourcing, through renegotiations with existing vendors; and

•

Approximately $100 to $150 million in annual selling, general and administrative expense savings from continued optimization of our corporate
overhead cost structure and reductions in other discretionary expense. During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we implemented a workforce
reduction of approximately 2,800 roles from across our corporate headquarters and retail stores, designed to further reduce layers at the corporate
level, significantly reposition field operations to better serve customers in a digital-first environment, and realign technology, supply chain and
merchandising teams to support our strategic growth initiatives.

In connection with the above restructuring and transformation initiatives, we recorded $149.3 million within cost of sales and restructuring and
transformation initiative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2020 for costs associated with our planned store closures as part of
the network optimization program for which the store closure process has commenced, workforce reduction and other transformation initiatives. At this
point, we are unable to estimate the amount or range of amounts expected to be incurred in connection with future store closures and will provide such
estimates as they become available.

21

Table of Contents

Divestitures and Other Cash Generating Activities
On December 14, 2020, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement to sell Cost Plus World Market to Kingswood Capital Management, a
Los Angeles-based private equity firm. The transaction closed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, generating approximately $63.7 million in proceeds,
subject to certain working capital and other adjustments.
On October 11, 2020, we entered into definitive agreements to sell Christmas Tree Shops ("CTS") to Handil Holdings LLC and to sell one of the CTS
distribution facilities to an institutional buyer, with a leaseback term of nine months, to provide business continuity for some of our operations currently
using the facility. These transactions were completed during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, generating approximately $233.3 million in proceeds, subject
to certain working capital and other adjustments.
On October 11, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell Linen Holdings to The Linen Group, LLC, an affiliate of Lion Equity Partners. On
October 24, 2020, we completed the sale of Linen Holdings for approximately $10.1 million, subject to certain working capital and other adjustments.
On February 14, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell PersonalizationMall.com ("PMall") to 1-800-FLOWERS.COM for $252 million,
subject to certain working capital and other adjustments. The buyer was required to close the PMall transaction on March 30, 2020, but failed to do so.
Accordingly, we filed an action to require the buyer to close the transaction. On July 20, 2020, we entered into a settlement agreement with respect to the
litigation. Under this agreement, 1-800-FLOWERS.COM agreed to move forward with its purchase of PMall for $244.6 million, subject to certain working
capital and other adjustments. The transaction closed on August 3, 2020.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we also sold One Kings Lane to a third party for an amount that was not material.
During the fiscal 2019 fourth quarter, we completed a sale-leaseback transaction with respect to approximately 2.1 million square feet of owned real estate,
generating over $250 million in net proceeds.
The net proceeds from these transactions and any other potential cash-generating transactions are expected to be used to reinvest in our core business
operations to drive growth, fund share repurchases, reduce our outstanding debt, or some combination of these uses.
Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic. The pandemic has materially disrupted our operations
to date. In compliance with relevant government directives, we temporarily closed all of our retail banner stores across the U.S. and Canada as of March 23,
2020, except for most stand-alone BABY and Harmon stores, which were categorized as essential given the nature of their products. In May 2020, we
announced a phased approach to reopen our stores in compliance with relevant government directives, and as of the end of July 2020, nearly all of our
stores reopened. We cannot predict, however, whether reopened stores will remain open, particularly as the regions in which we operate are experiencing a
resurgence of reported new cases of COVID-19 and hospitalizations. In response to the health risks caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we expanded our
recently rolled out BOPIS, contactless Curbside Pickup and Same Day Delivery services to cover the vast majority of our stores.
In conjunction with the temporary store closures, we implemented additional cost reductions, including a furlough of the majority of store associates and a
portion of corporate associates. We provided impacted store associates with applicable pay and benefits through April 3, 2020, and impacted corporate
associates with pay and benefits through April 18, 2020. In addition, we had continued to pay 100% of the cost of healthcare premiums for all associates
who participated in our health plan. Nearly all of the associates who were subject to furlough returned to work as of the third quarter of fiscal 2020. We also
implemented a temporary reduction in salaries of our executive team by 30% through May 16, 2020, and a temporary reduction in the quarterly cash
compensation of the independent members of the Board of Directors by 30% for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We also modified our fiscal 2020 capital
investment plan, focusing on our core business and key projects that support our digital and omni fulfillment capabilities, including the introduction of
BOPIS and contactless Curbside Pickup services, omni inventory management, and digital marketing and personalization.
We have and will continue to seek opportunities to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including, among others, renegotiating payment terms
for goods, services and rent, managing inventory levels, and reducing discretionary spending such as business travel and advertising and expense associated
with the maintenance of stores that were temporarily closed. The COVID-19 pandemic materially adversely impacted our results of operations and cash
flows in fiscal 2020, and could continue to materially impact results of operations and cash flows as well as our financial condition. Given the uncertainties
regarding the spread of the virus, the timing of the economic recovery and the resurgence of the virus, the related financial impact cannot be reasonably
predicted or estimated at this time.

22

Table of Contents

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted in the United States. The CARES Act is an
emergency economic aid package to help mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Among other things, the CARES Act provides certain changes
to tax laws, which may impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We are currently implementing certain provisions of the CARES
Act, such as deferring employer payroll taxes and utilizing the ability to carry back and deduct losses to offset prior income in previously filed tax returns.
As of February 27, 2021, we have deferred $3.1 million of employer payroll taxes, of which 50% are required to be deposited by December 2021 and the
remaining 50% by December 2022. During the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, under the CARES Act, we recorded an additional $41.0 million benefit
as a result of the fiscal 2019 net operating losses and a $111.0 million benefit as a result of the fiscal 2020 net operating losses, both of which can now be
carried back to prior years during which the federal tax rate was 35%. In addition, we recorded a credit of $33.3 million as an offset to selling, general and
administrative expenses as a result of the employee retention credits made available under the CARES Act for U.S. employees and under the Canada
Emergency Wage Subsidy for Canadian employees during fiscal 2020.
Summary of Financial Performance
The following represents an overview of our financial performance for the periods indicated, all of which were comprised of fifty-two weeks:
•

Net sales in fiscal 2020 decreased approximately 17.3% to $9.233 billion over net sales of $11.159 billion in fiscal 2019; net sales in fiscal 2019
decreased approximately 7.2% to $11.159 billion over net sales of $12.029 billion in fiscal 2018. As noted above, the majority of our stores were
temporarily closed beginning March 23, 2020, except for most stand-alone BABY and Harmon stores, which remained open through July 2020,
subject to state and local regulations. Nearly all stores reopened as of July 2020. The decline in net sales in fiscal 2020 also reflected the impact of
the business divestitures and store closures described above.

•

Net sales consummated through digital channels increased approximately 83% and 2%, respectively, and net sales consummated in-store declined
approximately 34% and 14%, respectively, in fiscal 2020 and 2019, relative to the previous year. Net sales consummated through digital channels
represented approximately 38% of our net sales for fiscal 2020, approximately 17% of our net sales for fiscal 2019, and approximately 16% of our
net sales for fiscal 2018.

•

As a result of the extended closure of the majority of our stores due to the COVID-19 pandemic and our policy of excluding extended store
closures from our comparable sales calculation, we believe that comparable sales was not a meaningful metric for the first quarter of fiscal 2020
and, therefore, not a meaningful metric for fiscal 2020. Comparable sales decreased approximately 6.8% for fiscal 2019 and approximately 1.1%
for fiscal 2018.
Comparable sales include sales consummated through all retail channels that have been operating for twelve full months following the opening
period (typically four to six weeks). As an omnichannel retailer, customers are able to use more than one channel when making a purchase,
including in-store, online, with a mobile device or through a customer contact center, and have it fulfilled, in most cases, either through in-store
customer pickup or by direct shipment to the customer from one of our distribution facilities, stores or vendors.
Sales consummated on a mobile device while physically in a store location and BOPIS orders are recorded as customer facing digital channel
sales. Customer orders taken in-store by an associate through The Beyond Store, our proprietary, web-based platform, are recorded as in-store
sales. Prior to implementation of BOPIS and contactless Curbside Pickup services, customer orders reserved online and picked up in a store were
recorded as in-store sales. Sales originally consummated from customer facing digital channels and subsequently returned in-store are recorded as
a reduction of in-store sales.
Stores relocated or expanded are excluded from comparable sales if the change in square footage would cause meaningful disparity in sales over
the prior period. In the case of a store to be closed, such store’s sales are not considered comparable once the store closing process has
commenced. Stores impacted by unusual and unexpected events outside our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic, severe weather, fire or
floods, are excluded from comparable sales for the period of time that such event would cause a meaningful disparity in sales over the prior
period. Due to their divestitures, One Kings Lane and PMall are excluded from the comparable sales calculation beginning in the second quarter of
fiscal 2020, Christmas Tree Shops is excluded from the comparable sales calculation beginning in fiscal November 2020, and Cost Plus World
Market is excluded from the comparable sales calculation beginning in fiscal January 2021. Linen Holdings has always been excluded from the
comparable sales calculation, as it represents non-retail activity.

23

Table of Contents

•

Gross profit for fiscal 2020 was $3.118 billion or 33.8% of net sales, compared with $3.542 billion or 31.7% of net sales for fiscal 2019 and
$4.104 billion or 34.1% of net sales for fiscal 2018.

•

SG&A for fiscal 2020 was $3.224 billion or 34.9% of net sales, compared with $3.732 billion or 33.4% of net sales for fiscal 2019 and $3.681
billion or 30.6% of net sales for fiscal 2018.

•

Goodwill and other impairments for fiscal 2020 were $127.3 million or 1.4% of net sales compared with $509.2 million or 4.6% of net sales for
fiscal 2019 and $509.9 million or 4.2% of net sales for fiscal 2018.

•

Restructuring and transformation initiative expenses for fiscal 2020 were $102.2 million, or 1.1% of net sales.

•

Loss on sale of businesses, including impairment of assets held for sale, for fiscal 2020 was $1.1 million and represented the total net loss
recognized on divestiture of our One Kings Lane, PMall, Linen Holdings, Christmas Tree Shops, and Cost Plus World Market businesses, which is
inclusive of a $54.0 million loss recorded upon classification of certain assets of Cost Plus World Market as held for sale during the third quarter
of fiscal 2020.

•

Interest expense, net was $76.9 million, $64.8 million, and $69.5 million in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

•

Gain on extinguishment of debt of $77.0 million in fiscal 2020 related to partial repayment of senior unsecured notes in August 2020.

•

The effective tax rate was 55.2%, 19.7%, and 12.4% for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. For fiscal 2020, the effective tax rate
includes the impact of a number of items, including tax planning strategies we deployed in order to increase our expected net operating loss
carryback for fiscal 2020, the benefits relating to the divestitures of CTS, Linen Holdings and Cost Plus, partially offset by the impact of
impairment charges for tradename and certain store-level assets and the gain on the divestiture of PMall. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 also
includes a benefit related to fiscal 2019 net operating loss carry-back under the CARES Act. For fiscal 2019, the effective tax rate reflects the
impact of charges, portions of which are non-deductible for tax purposes, for goodwill and other impairments, an incremental charge for
markdowns, severance costs, shareholder activity costs and a loss from a sale-leaseback transaction, including transaction costs. For fiscal 2018,
the effective tax rate reflects the impact of charges, portions of which are non-deductible for tax purposes, for goodwill and other impairments,
severance costs and a gain from the sale of a building.
For fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, the effective tax rate included net benefit of approximately $2.1 million, net expense of approximately $4.3
million and net benefits of approximately $12.1 million, respectively, due to the recognition of discrete federal and state tax items.

•

For fiscal 2020, net loss per diluted share was $1.24 ($150.8 million) and included the unfavorable impact of $0.23 per diluted share related to
restructuring and transformation initiative expenses, non-cash impairment charges related to tradename and certain store-level assets and the net
loss on sales of businesses, partially offset by the gain on extinguishment of debt and a benefit from the reduction of non-recurring inventory
reserves. For fiscal 2019, net loss per diluted share was $4.94 ($613.8 million) and included the unfavorable impact of approximately $5.40 per
diluted share from goodwill and other impairments, an incremental charge for markdowns, severance costs, shareholder activity costs and a loss
from a sale-leaseback transaction, including transaction costs. For fiscal 2018, net earnings per diluted share was $1.02 ($137.2 million) and
included the unfavorable impact of approximately $2.99 per diluted share from goodwill and other impairments, severance costs and a gain from
the sale of a building.
For fiscal 2020, the decrease in net loss per diluted share is a result of the decrease in net loss due to the items described above, partially offset by
the impact of repurchases of our common stock. For fiscal 2019, the increase in net loss per diluted share was a result of the increase in net loss
due to the items described above, partially offset by the impact of repurchases of our common stock.

Capital expenditures for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $183.1 million, $277.4 million and $325.4 million, respectively. Approximately 60% of the
current year capital expenditures related to pre-planned technology projects, including inventory and warehouse management capabilities such as advanced
allocation logic and replenishment strategies to meet changing customer needs. The remaining capital expenditures were primarily related to investments in
existing stores.
We continue to review and prioritize our capital needs and remain committed to making the required investments in our infrastructure to help position us
for continued growth and success. Key areas of investment include: continuing to improve the presentation and content as well as the functionality, general
search and navigation across our customer facing digital channels; improving customer data integration and customer relations management capabilities;
continuing to enhance service offerings to

24

Table of Contents

our customers; continuing to strengthen and deepen our information technology, analytics, marketing and e-commerce groups; and creating more flexible
fulfillment options designed to improve our delivery capabilities and lower our shipping costs. These and other investments are expected to, among other
things, provide a seamless and compelling customer experience across our omnichannel retail platform. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are
prioritizing essential capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 to drive strategic growth plans, including investments in digital, BOPIS and Curbside Pickup
service offerings, and have postponed certain previously planned capital expenditures, including some store remodels.
During fiscal 2020, we opened a total of nine new stores and closed 144 stores. We plan to continue to actively manage our real estate portfolio in order to
permit store sizes, layouts, locations and offerings to evolve over time to optimize market profitability and will renovate or reposition stores within markets
when appropriate. Over the past several years, the pace of our store openings has slowed, and we have increased the number of store closings. We have
more than 120 store leases up for renewal in fiscal 2021, which provide the opportunity to evaluate additional store closures and relocations. Some portion
of these stores will be included in our store network optimization program discussed above.
During fiscal 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a quarterly dividend program. During fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, total cash dividends of $23.1
million, $85.5 million and $86.3 million were paid, respectively. In March 2020, we suspended our future quarterly declarations of cash dividends as a
result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any future quarterly cash dividend payments on our common stock will be subject to the determination by the Board of
Directors, based on an evaluation of our earnings, financial condition and requirements, business conditions and other factors, including the restrictions on
the payment of dividends under the secured asset-based revolving credit facility (see "Long Term Debt," Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements).
In October 2020, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR Agreement") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ("JP
Morgan") to repurchase $225.0 million of our common stock. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, we paid $225.0 million to JP Morgan and received an initial
delivery of approximately 4.5 million shares of common stock. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we received an additional 6.3 million shares under this
ASR Agreement. In January 2021, we entered into a second accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR Agreement 2") to repurchase an aggregate of
$150.0 million of our common stock, subject to market conditions. Pursuant to ASR Agreement 2, we paid $150.0 million to JP Morgan, and received an
initial delivery of 5.0 million shares, which was accounted for as a treasury stock transaction and resulted in a $102.5 million increase in treasury stock and
reduced the weighted average shares outstanding. We also recorded a $47.6 million decrease in additional paid in capital upon the inception of ASR
Agreement 2. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020, final settlement under ASR Agreement 2 occurred and we received an additional 0.2 million shares. In
addition, subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020, our Board of Directors expanded the existing share repurchase authorization by an additional $175 million,
which increased the total share repurchase authorization to $12.950 billion.
In addition, during fiscal 2020, we repurchased approximately 0.6 million shares of our common stock to cover employee related taxes withheld on vested
restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance stock unit awards, at a total cost of approximately $5.1 million. During fiscal 2019 and 2018, we
repurchased 6.8 million, and 9.1 million shares, respectively, of our common stock at a total cost of approximately $99.7 million and $148.1 million,
respectively.
Decisions regarding share repurchases are within the discretion of the Board of Directors, and are influenced by a number of factors, including the price of
our common stock, general business and economic conditions, our financial condition and operating results, the emergence of alternative investment or
acquisition opportunities, changes in business strategy and other factors. Our share repurchase program could change, and could be influenced by several
factors, including business and market conditions, such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our stock price. We review our alternatives with
respect to our capital structure on an ongoing basis. Any future share repurchases will be subject to the determination of the Board of Directors, based on an
evaluation of our earnings, financial condition and requirements, business conditions and other factors, including the restrictions on share repurchases
under the secured asset-based revolving credit facility (see "Long Term Debt," Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements).
Operating in the highly competitive retail industry, our performance, along with other retail companies, is influenced by a number of factors including, but
not limited to: general economic conditions including the housing market, unemployment levels and commodity prices; the overall macroeconomic
environment and related changes in the retailing environment; consumer preferences, spending habits and adoption of new technologies; unusual weather
patterns and natural disasters, including pandemics; competition from existing and potential competitors across all channels; potential supply chain
disruption; the ability to find suitable locations at acceptable occupancy costs and other terms to support our plans for new stores; and the ability to assess
and implement technologies in support of our development of our omnichannel capabilities. We cannot predict whether, when or the manner in which these
factors could affect our operating results.

25

Table of Contents

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The fiscal years discussed below were each comprised of 52 weeks. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated (i) selected statement of
operations data expressed as a percentage of net sales and (ii) the percentage change in dollar amounts from the prior year in selected statement of
operations data:
Fiscal Year Ended

Net sales

February 27,
2021
100.0 %

Percentage
of Net Sales
February 29,
2020
100.0 %

March 2,
2019
100.0 %

Percentage Change
from Prior Year
February 27,
February 29,
2021
2020
(17.3)%
(7.2)%

Cost of sales

66.2

68.3

65.9

(19.7)

(3.9)

Gross profit

33.8

31.7

34.1

(12.0)

(13.7)

Selling, general and administrative expenses

34.9

33.4

30.6

(13.6)

1.4

Goodwill and other impairments

1.4

4.6

4.2

(75.0)

(0.1)

Restructuring and transformation initiative costs

1.1

—

—

100.0

—

Loss on sale of businesses, including impairment of
assets held for sale (1)

—

—

—

100.0

—

(3.6)

(6.3)

(0.7)

(51.9)

703.4

0.8

0.6

0.6

18.7

(6.7)

Gain on extinguishment of debt

(0.8)

—

—

100.0

—

Loss before provision for income taxes

(3.6)

(6.9)

(1.3)

(56.0)

388.4

Benefit from income taxes

(2.0)

(1.4)

(0.2)

23.1

679.1

Net loss

(1.6)

(5.5)

(1.1)

(75.4)

347.3

Operating loss
Interest expense, net

(1) - As a percentage of sales, loss on sale of businesses, including impairment of assets held for sale, is less than 0.1% for the year ended February 27, 2021.

Net Sales
Net sales in fiscal 2020 were $9.233 billion, a decrease of $1.926 billion or approximately 17.3%, compared to $11.159 billion of net sales in fiscal 2019,
which decreased $870.2 million or 7.2% from $12.029 billion of net sales in fiscal 2018. The decrease in net sales for fiscal 2020 was primarily due to the
temporary nationwide closure of the majority of our stores beginning on March 23, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, except for most stand-alone
BABY and Harmon stores, which remained open during such period, subject to state and local regulations. Nearly all of our stores reopened as of July
2020. The declines in net sales in fiscal 2020 also reflected the impacts of the business divestitures and store closures described above. For fiscal 2019, the
decrease in net sales was primarily attributable to a decrease in comparable sales.
During fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, net sales consummated through digital channels increased approximately 83% and 2%, respectively, and net sales
consummated in-store declined approximately 34% and 14%, respectively from the corresponding period in the prior year. Net sales consummated through
digital channels represented approximately 38% of our net sales for fiscal 2020, approximately 17% of our net sales for fiscal 2019, and approximately
16% of our net sales for fiscal 2018.
As a result of the extended closure of the majority of our stores due to the COVID-19 pandemic and our policy of excluding extended store closures from
our comparable sales calculation, we believe that comparable sales was not a meaningful metric for the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and, therefore, are not a
meaningful metric for fiscal 2020. Comparable sales decreased approximately 6.8% for fiscal 2019.

26

Table of Contents

Our comparable sales metric considers sales consummated through all retail channels – in-store, online, with a mobile device or through a customer contact
center. Our omnichannel environment allows our customers to use more than one channel when making a purchase. We believe in an integrated and
seamless customer experience. A few examples are: a customer may be assisted by an in-store associate to create a wedding or baby registry, while the
guests may ultimately purchase a gift from our websites; or a customer may research a particular item, and read other customer reviews on our websites
before visiting a store to consummate the actual purchase; or a customer may buy an item online for in-store or curbside pickup; or while in a store, a
customer may make the purchase on a mobile device for in home delivery from either a distribution facility, a store or directly from a vendor. In addition,
we accept returns in-store without regard to the channel in which the purchase was consummated, therefore resulting in reducing store sales by sales
originally consummated through customer facing digital channels. As our retail operations are integrated and we cannot reasonably track the channel in
which the ultimate sale is initiated, we can however, provide directional information on where the sale was consummated.
Domestics merchandise includes categories such as bed linens and related items, bath items and kitchen textiles. Home furnishings include categories such
as kitchen and tabletop items, fine tabletop, basic housewares, general home furnishings (including furniture and wall décor), consumables and certain
juvenile products. Sales of domestics merchandise accounted for approximately 34.7%, 35.2% and 35.4%, of net sales in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018,
respectively, of which we estimate that bed linens accounted for approximately 11% of net sales in each of fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018. The remaining net
sales in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 of 65.3%, 64.8%, and 64.6%, respectively, represented sales of home furnishings. No other individual product category
accounted for 10% or more of net sales during fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018.
Gross Profit
Gross profit in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 was $3.118 billion or 33.8% of net sales, $3.542 billion or 31.7% of net sales, and $4.104 billion or 34.1% of net
sales, respectively. The increase in the gross profit margin as a percentage of sales between fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 was primarily attributable to the
increase in product mix and the leverage of distribution and fulfillment costs, partially offset by the impact of channel mix, including higher net-direct-tocustomer shipping expense. In addition, our gross margin for fiscal 2020 included a net benefit of $20.2 million from the reduction of incremental
markdown reserves taken in the prior year, partially offset by restructuring and transformation initiatives. Our gross profit margin in the prior year reflected
an incremental reserve for future markdowns of approximately $169.8 million related to our transformation initiatives, which was an incremental charge to
the actual markdowns recorded in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2019.
In addition, our cost of sales includes cost of merchandise, buying costs and costs of our distribution network, including inbound freight charges,
distribution facility costs, receiving costs, internal transfer costs and shipping and handling costs. During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we reevaluated the
costs included in cost of sales as we continue our focus on our digital and omni fulfillment capabilities, including the introduction of BOPIS and contactless
Curbside Pickup services. The reevaluation of the costs included in cost of sales favorably impacted the change in gross profit margin as a percentage of net
sales by approximately 200 basis points during fiscal 2020. This favorable impact was fully offset by a corresponding unfavorable impact in the change in
SG&A as a percentage of net sales and resulted in no net impact to the consolidated statement of operations.
The decrease in the gross profit margin as a percentage of net sales between fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 was primarily attributable to a decrease in
merchandise margin, as a result of promotional activity and the above-mentioned charge of approximately $169.8 million for incremental markdowns
related to our transformation initiatives. This incremental charge for markdowns was the result of our strategic decision to reduce inventory by up to $1.0
billion at retail from the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2019 through the end of fiscal 2020, driven by our inventory rationalization efforts, including
reductions of aged and duplicative SKUs within our assortment. This action was taken to reset our inventory levels in both stores and distribution centers,
as well as refresh our assortment, providing for newness and higher-margin products, all in an effort to drive customer traffic and support top-line
performance.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
SG&A was $3.224 billion or 34.9% of net sales in fiscal 2020, $3.732 billion or 33.4% of net sales in fiscal 2019, and $3.681 billion or 30.6% of net sales
in fiscal 2018. The increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to increases in fixed costs such as rent and occupancy and
depreciation, and consulting costs related to our strategic initiatives, partially offset by decreases in payroll and payroll-related expenses and advertising.
The increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sales between 2019 and 2018 was primarily attributable to, in order of magnitude, increases in payroll and
payroll-related expenses (primarily due to severance expense); technology-related expenses, including depreciation; advertising, due in part to the growth
in digital advertising; and occupancy expense. Fixed costs, such as occupancy and technology-related expenses, including depreciation, as a percentage of
net sales were impacted by the lower sales base in fiscal 2019.

27

Table of Contents

Goodwill and Other Impairments
Goodwill and other impairments were $127.3 million in fiscal 2020, $509.2 million in fiscal 2019, and $509.9 million in fiscal 2018. For fiscal 2020,
impairment charges included $92.9 million related to certain store-level assets (including leasehold improvements and operating lease assets) and
tradename impairments of $35.1 million. For fiscal 2019, impairment charges included goodwill impairments of $391.1 million, tradename impairments of
$41.8 million, long-lived assets impairments of $75.1 million and other impairments of $1.2 million. For fiscal 2018, goodwill impairments were $325.2
million, tradename impairments were $161.7 million and long-lived assets impairments were $23.0 million. The non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment
charges were primarily the result of a sustained decline in our market capitalization.
Restructuring and Transformation Initiative Expenses
During fiscal 2020, we recorded charges of $102.2 million in connection with our restructuring and transformation initiatives, primarily related to
severance costs recorded in connection with the workforce reduction and store network optimization programs described above as well as other
restructuring activities. (see "Restructuring Activities," Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements).
Loss on Sale of Businesses, Including Impairment of Assets Held for Sale
Total net loss recognized on the sale of businesses during fiscal 2020 was $1.1 million, comprised of the following transactions:
•

On April 13, 2020, we completed the sale of One Kings Lane. Proceeds from the sale were not material.

•

On August 3, 2020, we completed the sale of PMall for approximately $244.6 million in proceeds, and recognized a gain on the sale of $189.3
million.

•

On October 24, 2020, we completed the sale of Linen Holdings for approximately $10.1 million in proceeds, and recognized a loss on the sale of
$64.6 million.

•

During the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we completed the sale of Christmas Tree Shops for approximately $233.3 million in proceeds, and
recognized a loss on the sale of approximately $53.8 million.

•

On January 15, 2021, we completed the sale of Cost Plus World Market for approximately $63.7 million in proceeds, and recognized a loss on the
sale of $72.0 million, which is inclusive of a $54.0 million charge recorded during the third quarter of fiscal 2020 to remeasure the disposal group
that was classified as held for sale to the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell.

Operating Loss
Operating loss for fiscal 2020 was $336.9 million or 3.6% of net sales, $700.1 million or 6.3% of net sales for fiscal 2019, and $87.1 million or 0.7% of net
sales in fiscal 2018. The favorable change in operating loss as a percentage of net sales between fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 was primarily due to an
increase in the gross margin, lower goodwill and other impairments compared to the prior year period, partially offset by increased SG&A expenses and
restructuring and transformation initiative expenses. The current year reductions of net sales reflected the impact of the temporary nationwide closure of the
majority of our stores due to COVID-19, nearly all of which reopened as of July 2020, as well as the impact of the divestitures.
The increase in operating loss as a percentage of net sales between fiscal 2019 and 2018 was the result of the reductions in gross profit margin, the increase
in SG&A as a percentage of net sales and goodwill and other impairments, as described above.
Interest Expense, net
Interest expense, net was $76.9 million, $64.8 million and $69.5 million in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. For fiscal 2020, the increase in interest
expense, net was primarily driven by lower interest income on investments and increased interest costs attributable to our revolving credit facilities,
primarily relating to the new ABL Facility, partially offset by lower interest expense primarily related to the repurchase of a portion of the senior unsecured
notes in August 2020. For fiscal 2019 and 2018, interest expense, net primarily related to interest on the senior unsecured notes issued in July 2014.
Included in interest expense, net was an expense of $2.7 million for fiscal 2018 related to changes in our nonqualified deferred compensation plan
("NQDC") investments, which was fully offset by the corresponding change in the NQDC liability recorded in SG&A, with no net impact to the
consolidated statement of earnings. On December 27, 2017, we terminated our nonqualified deferred compensation plan and during fiscal 2018, all
participants' balances were liquidated and disbursed to those participants.

28

Table of Contents

Gain on Extinguishment of Debt
During fiscal 2020, we recorded a $77 million gain on the repurchase of $75 million principal amount of 4.915% senior unsecured notes due August 1,
2034 and $225 million principal of 5.165% senior unsecured notes due August 1, 2044 (see "Long Term Debt," Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements).
Income Taxes
The effective tax rate was 55.2% for fiscal 2020, 19.7% for fiscal 2019 and 12.4% for fiscal 2018.
For fiscal 2020, the effective tax rate reflects our expectation to carry back the net operating loss to a year in which the tax rate was 35%, and includes the
impact of the benefit of certain tax planning strategies the Company deployed, in addition to the losses from the divestitures of CTS, Linen Holdings and
Cost Plus, partially offset by the impact of impairment charges for tradename and certain store-level assets, the gain on the divestiture of PMall, a benefit
related to fiscal 2019 net operating loss carry-back under the CARES Act, and other discrete tax items resulting in net after tax benefits.
For fiscal 2019, the effective tax rate reflects the impact of charges, portions of which are non-deductible for tax purposes, for goodwill and other
impairments, an incremental charge for markdowns, severance costs, shareholder activity costs and a loss from a sale-leaseback transaction, including
transaction costs. For fiscal 2018, the effective tax rate reflects the impact of charges, portions of which are non-deductible for tax purposes, for goodwill
and other impairments, severance costs and a gain from the sale of a building.
For fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, the effective tax rate included net benefit of approximately $2.1 million, net expense of approximately $4.3 million and net
benefit of approximately $12.1 million, respectively, due to the recognition of discrete federal and state tax items.
Potential volatility in the effective tax rate from year to year may occur as we are required each year to determine whether new information changes the
assessment of both the probability that a tax position will effectively be sustained and the appropriateness of the amount of recognized benefit.
Net Loss
As a result of the factors described above, the net loss for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, was $150.8 million, $613.8 million and $137.2 million, respectively.
Transformation
We are executing on a comprehensive plan to transform our business and position us for long-term success under the leadership of our President and CEO
Mark Tritton, who joined the Company on November 4, 2019. Mr. Tritton has been assessing our operations, portfolio, capabilities and culture and is
developing and implementing the initial stages of a strategic plan designed to re-establish our leading position as the preferred omnichannel home
destination, which is grounded in five key pillars: product, price, promise, place and people. With these five pillars as our framework, and a singular
purpose to make it easy for customers to feel at home, we are embracing a commitment to build and manage a modern, durable omnichannel model.
Early actions include the extensive restructure of our leadership team. Interim leaders were appointed in merchandising, marketing, digital, stores,
operations, finance, legal and human resources. During fiscal 2020, we announced the hiring of a new leadership team, consisting of the following:
•

On March 4, 2020, Joe Hartsig joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer of the Company and President of
Harmon Stores Inc.;

•

On May 4, 2020, Gustavo Arnal joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer;

•

On May 11, 2020, Rafeh Masood joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Officer;

•

On May 11, 2020, Gregg Melnick assumed the role of Executive Vice President, Chief Stores Officer. Previously, Mr. Melnick served as the
Company’s interim Chief Digital Officer;

•

On May 18, 2020, John Hartmann joined the Company as Chief Operating Officer of the Company and President, buybuy BABY;

•

On May 18, 2020, Arlene Hong joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary;

29

Table of Contents

•

On May 26, 2020, Cindy Davis joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief Brand Officer of the Company and President, Decorist;
and

•

On September 28, 2020, Lynda Markoe joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief People and Culture Officer.

As discussed in "Overview" above, as part of our business transformation, we are also pursuing deliberate actions as part of our restructuring program to
drive profit improvement over the next two-to-three years. We expect to reinvest a portion of the expected cost savings into future growth initiatives.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We have been able to finance our operations, including our growth and acquisitions, substantially through internally generated funds. As previously
described, we began temporary store closures in March 2020 and the majority of our stores were temporarily closed during the first quarter 2020.
Subsequently, we began a measured approach to re-opening our stores, subject to state and local regulations, and nearly all of our stores reopened as of July
2020. During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we elected to draw down the remaining $236.4 million of available funds under our $250 million revolving
credit facility (the "Revolver"), which was refinanced with our $850 million secured asset-based revolving credit facility entered into on June 19, 2020 (the
"ABL Facility"). These borrowings were subsequently repaid during the second quarter of fiscal 2020. The new ABL Facility matures on June 19, 2023
and provides us with additional liquidity. Our ability to borrow under the ABL Facility is based upon a specified borrowing base consisting of a percentage
of our eligible inventory and credit card receivables as defined in the ABL Facility, net of applicable reserves (See "Long Term Debt," Note 7 to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements).
During fiscal 2020, we divested of One Kings Lane, PMall, CTS, Linen Holdings and Cost Plus World Market, generating aggregate net proceeds of
approximately $534 million, which are expected be used to reinvest in our core business operations to drive growth, fund share repurchases, reduce our
outstanding debt, or some combination of these.
During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we paid approximately $220.9 million to repurchase $300 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding
4.915% Senior Notes due 2034 and 5.165% Senior Notes due 2044.
In October 2020, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR Agreement") with JP Morgan to repurchase $225.0 million of our
common stock. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, we paid $225.0 million to JP Morgan and received an initial delivery of approximately 4.5 million shares
of common stock. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we received an additional 6.3 million shares under this ASR Agreement. In January 2021, we entered
into a second accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR Agreement 2") to repurchase an aggregate of $150.0 million of our common stock, subject to
market conditions. Pursuant to ASR Agreement 2, we paid $150.0 million to JP Morgan, and received an initial delivery of 5.0 million shares, which was
accounted for as a treasury stock transaction and resulted in a $102.5 million increase in treasury stock and reduced the weighted average shares
outstanding. We also recorded a $47.6 million decrease in additional paid in capital upon the inception of ASR Agreement 2. Subsequent to the end of
fiscal 2020, final settlement under ASR Agreement 2 occurred and we received an additional 0.2 million shares. In addition, subsequent to the end of fiscal
2020, our Board of Directors expanded the existing share repurchase authorization by an additional $175 million, which increased the total share
repurchase authorization to $12.950 billion.
We ended fiscal 2020 in a strong cash position, which we anticipate maintaining, to provide us the flexibility to fund our ongoing initiatives and act upon
other opportunities that may arise. As of February 27, 2021, we had approximately $1.373 billion in cash and investment securities, a decrease of
approximately $33.9 million compared with $1.406 billion as of February 29, 2020. We believe that we can continue to finance our operations through
existing and internally generated funds for the next twelve months. In addition, if necessary, we have the ability to borrow under our ABL Facility, subject
to customary conditions, including no default, the accuracy of representations and warranties, and borrowing base availability. The ABL Facility contains
an anti-cash hoarding provision which limits the availability of loans under the credit facility to $600 million (plus the amount of any incremental first-inlast-out loans) if, after giving effect to any borrowing and the application of proceeds thereof, we have greater than $100 million in unrestricted cash or
cash equivalents in the aggregate as of the date of such borrowing. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, for fiscal 2020, we have and
continue to take measures to preserve our liquidity, including the suspension of the payment of dividends; postponement of certain capital expenditures
and, among other things, renegotiating payment terms for goods, services and rent, managing to lower inventory levels, and reducing discretionary spend
such as business travel, advertising and expense associated with the maintenance of stores that were temporarily closed. Similar to other retailers, we
withheld portions of and/or delayed payments to certain of our business partners as we seek to renegotiate payment terms, in order to further maintain
liquidity given the temporary store closures. In some instances, the renegotiations of lease terms have led to agreements with landlords for rent abatements
or rental deferrals. Total payments withheld and/or delayed or deferred as of February 27, 2021 were approximately $9.6 million and are included in current
liabilities. During fiscal 2020, we

30

Table of Contents

recognized reduced rent expense of $10.3 million related to rent abatement concessions. Additional negotiations of payment terms are still in process, and
there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully renegotiate payment terms with all such business partners, and the ultimate outcome of these
activities including the responses of certain business partners are not yet known. We are also executing on our business transformation program, which is
designed to improve our profitability and includes the planned closure of 200 mostly Bed Bath & Beyond stores under our store network optimization
program and workforce reductions as part of our restructuring program.
Fiscal 2020 compared to Fiscal 2019
Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2020 was $268.1 million, compared with $590.9 million in fiscal 2019. The year-over-year decrease in
cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the net decrease in cash provided by components of working capital (primarily merchandise
inventories and other current assets, partially offset by accounts payable). This decrease was partially offset by a decrease in net loss, adjusted for non-cash
expenses.
Retail inventory, which includes inventory in our distribution facilities for direct to customer shipments, was approximately $1.7 billion at February 27,
2021, a decrease of approximately 18.0% compared to retail inventory at February 29, 2020, which is primarily related to the fiscal 2020 divestitures. We
continue to focus on our inventory optimization strategies.
Net cash provided by investing activities in fiscal 2020 was $737.9 million, compared with $91.4 million net cash used in fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2020, net
cash provided by investing activities included $386.5 million of redemptions of investment securities and $534.5 million in proceeds from sale of
businesses, partially offset by $183.1 million of capital expenditures. In fiscal 2019, net cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to $267.3
million of proceeds from a sale-leaseback transaction and $101.5 million of redemptions of investment securities, net of purchases, partially offset by
$277.4 million of capital expenditures.
Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2020 was $632.3 million, compared with $182.8 million in fiscal 2019. The increase in net cash used in
financing activities was primarily due to net debt repayments of $221.4 million, primarily associated with the repurchase of a portion of the outstanding
senior notes during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, an increase of $232.8 million in treasury stock repurchases, and an increase of $47.6 million related to
prepayment under share repurchase agreement, partially offset by lower dividend payments of $62.4 million.
Fiscal 2019 compared to Fiscal 2018
Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2019 was $590.9 million, compared with $918.3 million in fiscal 2018. Year over year, we experienced a
decrease in net earnings and an increase in cash provided by the net components of working capital (primarily merchandise inventories and accrued
expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by trading investment securities and other current assets).
Retail inventory, which includes inventory in our distribution facilities for direct to customer shipments, was approximately $2.1 billion at February 29,
2020, a decrease of approximately 20.0% compared to retail inventory at March 2, 2019, as we continued our focus on our inventory optimization
strategies.
Net cash provided by investing activities in fiscal 2019 was $91.4 million, compared with $509.7 million net cash used in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2019, net
cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to $267.3 million of proceeds from a sale-leaseback transaction and $101.5 million of redemptions
of investment securities, net of purchases, partially offset by $277.4 million of capital expenditures. In fiscal 2018, net cash used in investing activities was
primarily due to $325.4 million of capital expenditures and $195.5 million of purchases of investment securities, net of redemptions.
Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2019 was $182.8 million, compared with $238.6 million in fiscal 2018. The decrease in net cash used in
financing activities was primarily due to a year over year decrease in common stock repurchases of $48.4 million.
Other Fiscal 2020 Information
Between December 2004 and December 2020, our Board of Directors authorized, through several share repurchase programs, the repurchase of $12.775
billion of our common stock. Since 2004 through the end of fiscal 2020, we have repurchased approximately $11.0 billion of our common stock through
share repurchase programs. We have approximately $1.7 billion remaining of authorized share repurchases as of February 27, 2021. Subsequent to the end
of fiscal 2020, our Board of Directors expanded the existing share repurchase authorization by an additional $175 million, which increased the total share
repurchase authorization to $12.950 billion. Our share repurchase program could change, and any future share repurchases will be subject to

31

Table of Contents

the determination of the Board of Directors, based on an evaluation of our earnings, financial condition and requirements, business conditions and other
factors, including the restrictions on share repurchases under the Credit Agreement (see "Long Term Debt" Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements)
During fiscal 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a quarterly dividend program. During fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, total cash dividends of $23.1
million, $85.5 million and $86.3 million were paid, respectively. In March 2020, we suspended our future quarterly declarations of cash dividends as a
result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any future quarterly cash dividend payments on our common stock will be subject to the determination by the Board of
Directors, based on an evaluation of our earnings, financial condition and requirements, business conditions and other factors, including the restrictions on
the payment of dividends under the secured asset-based revolving credit facility (see "Long Term Debt," Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements).
We have contractual obligations consisting mainly of principal and interest related to the senior unsecured notes, operating leases for stores, offices,
distribution facilities and equipment, purchase obligations, and other long-term liabilities which we are obligated to pay as of February 27, 2021 as follows:
(in thousands)

Senior unsecured notes (1)
Interest on senior unsecured notes (1)
Operating lease obligations (2)
Purchase obligations (3)
Other long-term liabilities (4)

$

Total Contractual Obligations

$

Total
1,195,387
1,007,362
2,357,302
988,765
171,902

Less than 1
year
$
—
56,997
462,257
988,765
171,902

5,720,718

$

1,679,921

1-3 years
$

—
113,994
752,567
—
—

$

$

866,561

$

4-5 years
295,377
97,383
507,143
—
—
899,903

$

$

After 5
years
900,010
738,988
635,335
—
—
2,274,333

(1)

On July 17, 2014, we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.749% senior unsecured notes due August 1, 2024, $300 million aggregate
principal amount of 4.915% senior unsecured notes due August 1, 2034 and $900 million aggregate principal amount of 5.165% senior unsecured
notes due August 1, 2044. In fiscal 2020, we purchased and retired approximately $75.0 million of the 4.915% senior unsecured notes due 2034 and
approximately $225.0 million of the 5.165% senior unsecured notes due 2044.

(2)

The amounts presented represent the undiscounted future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases, inclusive of a financing
obligation in the amount of $20.6 million related to operating leases entered into as a result of a sale-leaseback transaction completed during fiscal
2019. In addition to minimum rent, certain of the Company's leases require the payment of additional variable costs for insurance, maintenance and
other costs. These additional amounts are not included in the table of contractual commitments as the timing and/or amounts of such payments are not
known. As of February 27, 2021, we have entered leases which have not yet commenced for two new or relocated locations planned for opening in
fiscal 2021, for which aggregate minimum rental payments over the term of the leases are approximately $7.7 million. Such amounts are included in
the table above, but have not been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as of February 27, 2021.

(3)

Purchase obligations primarily consist of purchase orders for merchandise.

(4)

Other long-term liabilities are primarily comprised of income taxes payable, workers' compensation and general liability reserves and various other
accruals and are recorded as Other Liabilities and Income Taxes Payable in the consolidated balance sheet as of February 27, 2021. The amounts
associated with these other long-term liabilities have been reflected only in the total column in the table above as the timing and / or amount of any
cash payment is uncertain.

SEASONALITY
Our business is subject to seasonal influences. Generally, our sales volumes are higher in the calendar months of August, November, and December, and
lower in February.
INFLATION
We do not believe that our operating results have been materially affected by inflation during the past year. There can be no assurance, however, that our
operating results will not be affected by inflation in the future.

32

Table of Contents

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to establish accounting
policies and to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as
of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be relevant under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. In particular, judgment is used in areas such as
inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, accruals for self-insurance and income and
certain other taxes. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
Inventory Valuation: Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Inventory costs are primarily calculated using the weighted average
retail inventory method.
Under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross margins are calculated by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the
retail values of inventories. The inputs associated with determining the cost-to-retail ratio include: merchandise purchases, net of returns to vendors,
discounts and volume and incentive rebates; inbound freight expenses; duty, insurance and commissions.
The retail inventory method contains certain management judgments that may affect inventory valuation. At any one time, inventories include items that
have been written down to our best estimate of their realizable value. Judgment is required in estimating realizable value and factors considered are the age
of merchandise, anticipated demand based on factors such as customer preferences and fashion trends, as well as anticipated markdowns to reduce the price
of merchandise from its recorded retail price to a retail price at which it is expected to be sold in the future. These estimates are based on historical
experience and current information about future events which are inherently uncertain. Actual realizable value could differ materially from this estimate
based upon future customer demand or economic conditions, including the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic.
We estimate our reserve for shrinkage throughout the year based on historical shrinkage and any current trends, if applicable. Actual shrinkage is recorded
at year end based upon the results of our physical inventory counts for locations at which counts were conducted. For locations where physical inventory
counts were not conducted in the fiscal year, an estimated shrink reserve is recorded based on historical shrinkage and any current trends, if applicable.
Historically, our shrinkage has not been volatile.
We accrue for merchandise in transit once we take legal ownership and title to the merchandise; as such, an estimate for merchandise in transit is included
in our merchandise inventories.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: We review long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these
assets may exceed their current fair values. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the assets. Judgment is
required in estimating the fair value of the assets including assumptions related to sales growth rates and market rental rates. These estimates are based on
historical experience and current information about future events which are inherently uncertain. Assets to be disposed of would be separately presented in
the balance sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated.
In fiscal 2020 and 2019, we recorded $92.9 million and $75.1 million, respectively, of non-cash pre-tax impairment charges within goodwill and other
impairments in the consolidated statement of operations for certain store-level assets, including leasehold improvements and operating lease assets. In fiscal
2018, we recorded a $23.0 million non-cash pre-tax impairment charge within goodwill and other impairments in the consolidated statement of operations
for certain store-level assets. Of the stores impaired during fiscal 2020, partial impairments were recorded at 136 stores, of which 41 were subsequently
divested during 2020, resulting in a remaining net book value of long-lived assets at risk of $89.7 million as of February 27, 2021, inclusive of leasehold
improvements and right-of-use assets. We will continue to monitor these stores closely. If actual results differ from the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows or the estimated price market participants would be willing to pay to sublease store operating leases and acquire remaining store assets, which among
other factors, may be impacted by the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be exposed to additional impairment losses that may be
material. If events or market conditions affect the estimated fair value to the extent that a long-lived asset is impaired, we will adjust the carrying value of
these long-lived assets in the period in which the impairment occurs.

33

Table of Contents

Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets: We review goodwill and other intangibles that have indefinite lives for impairment annually as of
the end of the fiscal year or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values.
Impairment testing is based upon the best information available, including estimates of fair value which incorporate assumptions marketplace participants
would use in making their estimates of fair value. Significant assumptions and estimates are required, including, but not limited to, projecting future cash
flows, determining appropriate discount rates, margins, growth rates, and other assumptions, to estimate the fair value of goodwill and indefinite lived
intangible assets. Although we believe that the assumptions and estimates made are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could
materially impact our reported financial results. In addition, sustained declines in our stock price and related market capitalization could impact key
assumptions in the overall estimated fair values of our reporting units and could result in non-cash impairment charges that could be material to our
consolidated balance sheet or result of operations. Prior to fiscal 2018, we had not recorded an impairment to our goodwill and other indefinite lived
intangible assets.
In fiscal 2018, we recognized non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charges of $285.1 million and $40.1 million for the North American Retail and
Institutional Sales reporting units, respectively. As of June 1, 2019, we completed a quantitative impairment analysis of goodwill related to our reporting
units by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. We performed a discounted cash flow analysis and market multiple analysis
for each reporting unit. Based upon the analysis performed, we determined that goodwill was fully impaired and recognized a non-cash pre-tax goodwill
impairment charge of $391.1 million for the North American Retail reporting unit. The non-cash pre-tax impairment charge was primarily the result of a
sustained decline in our market capitalization.
Other indefinite lived intangible assets were recorded as a result of acquisitions and primarily consist of tradenames. We value our tradenames using a
relief-from-royalty approach, which assumes the value of the tradename is the discounted cash flows of the amount that would be paid by a hypothetical
market participant had they not owned the tradename and instead licensed the tradename from another company. For fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, for certain
other indefinite lived intangible assets, we completed a quantitative impairment analysis by comparing the fair value of the tradenames to their carrying
value and recognized non-cash pre-tax tradename impairment charges of $35.1 million, $41.8 million and $161.7 million, respectively, within goodwill and
other impairments in the consolidated statement of operations. For the remaining other indefinite lived intangible assets, we assessed qualitative factors as
of February 27, 2021 in order to determine whether any events and circumstances existed which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value
of these other indefinite lived assets did not exceed their carrying values and concluded no such events or circumstances existed which would require an
impairment test be performed. As of February 27, 2021, we have $22.0 million of remaining other indefinite lived intangible assets. If actual results differ
from the estimated future cash flows, which, among other factors, may be impacted by the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be
exposed to additional impairment losses that may be material. In the future, if events or market conditions affect the estimated fair value to the extent that
an asset is impaired, we will adjust the carrying value of these assets in the period in which the impairment occurs.
Self-Insurance: We utilize a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks including workers’ compensation, general liability, cyber
liability, property liability, automobile liability and employee related health care benefits (a portion of which is paid by our employees). Liabilities
associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity
factors and other actuarial assumptions. Although our claims experience has not displayed substantial volatility in the past, actual experience could
materially vary from our historical experience in the future. Factors that affect these estimates include but are not limited to: inflation, the number and
severity of claims and regulatory changes. In the future, if we conclude an adjustment to self-insurance accruals is required, the liability will be adjusted
accordingly.
Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we began insuring portions of our workers' compensation and medical insurance through a wholly owned
captive insurance subsidiary (the "Captive") to enhance our risk financing strategies. The Captive is subject to regulations in Vermont, including those
relating to its levels of liquidity. The Captive was in compliance with all regulations as of February 27, 2021. As of February 27, 2021, the cash and cash
equivalents at the Captive were $43.1 million.
Taxes: We account for our income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period that includes the enactment date.
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Act. The Tax Act included a
mandatory one-time tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and as a result, all previously

34

Table of Contents

unremitted earnings for which no U.S. deferred tax liability had been previously accrued has now been subject to U.S. tax. Notwithstanding the U.S.
taxation of these amounts, we intend to continue to reinvest the unremitted earnings of our Canadian subsidiary. Accordingly, no additional provision has
been made for U.S. or additional non-U.S. taxes with respect to these earnings, except for the transition tax resulting from the Tax Act. In the event of
repatriation to the U.S., it is expected that such earnings would be subject to non-U.S. withholding taxes offset, in whole or in part, by U.S. foreign tax
credits.
We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is at least more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination
by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a
position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement with the taxing
authorities.
Potential volatility in the effective tax rate from year to year may occur as we are required each year to determine whether new information changes the
assessment of both the probability that a tax position will effectively be sustained and the appropriateness of the amount of recognized benefit.
We also accrue for certain other taxes as required by our operations.
Judgment is required in determining the provision for income and other taxes and related accruals, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. In the ordinary
course of business, there are transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Additionally, our various tax returns are subject to
audit by various tax authorities. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Form 10-K and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 including, but not limited to, our progress and anticipated progress towards our longterm objectives, as well as more generally the status of our future liquidity and financial condition. Many of these forward-looking statements can be
identified by use of words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, approximate, estimate, assume, continue, model, project, plan, goal, preliminary, and
similar words and phrases, although the absence of those words does not necessarily mean that statements are not forward-looking. Our actual results and
future financial condition may differ materially from those expressed in any such forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Such factors
include, without limitation: general economic conditions including the housing market, a challenging overall macroeconomic environment and related
changes in the retailing environment; risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental responses to it, including its impacts across our
businesses on demand and operations, as well as on the operations of our suppliers and other business partners, and the effectiveness of our actions taken in
response to these risks; consumer preferences, spending habits and adoption of new technologies; demographics and other macroeconomic factors that may
impact the level of spending for the types of merchandise sold by us; civil disturbances and terrorist acts; unusual weather patterns and natural disasters;
competition from existing and potential competitors across all channels; pricing pressures; liquidity; the ability to achieve anticipated cost savings, and to
not exceed anticipated costs, associated with organizational changes and investments, including our strategic restructuring program and store network
optimization strategies; the ability to attract and retain qualified employees in all areas of the organization; the cost of labor, merchandise and other costs
and expenses; potential supply chain disruption due to trade restrictions, and other factors such as natural disasters, pandemics, including the COVID-19
pandemic, political instability, labor disturbances, product recalls, financial or operational instability of suppliers or carriers, and other items; the ability to
find suitable locations at acceptable occupancy costs and other terms to support our plans for new stores; the ability to establish and profitably maintain the
appropriate mix of digital and physical presence in the markets we serve; the ability to assess and implement technologies in support of our development of
our omnichannel capabilities; the ability to effectively and timely adjust our plans in the face of the rapidly changing retail and economic environment,
including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic; uncertainty in financial markets; volatility in the price of our common stock and its effect, and the effect
of other factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on our capital allocation strategy; risks associated with the ability to achieve a successful outcome for
our business concepts and to otherwise achieve our business strategies; the impact of intangible asset and other impairments; disruptions to our information
technology systems, including but not limited to security breaches of systems protecting consumer and employee information or other types of cybercrimes
or cybersecurity attacks; reputational risk arising from challenges to our or a third party product or service supplier’s compliance with various laws,
regulations or standards, including those related to labor, health, safety, privacy or the environment; reputational risk arising from third-party merchandise
or service vendor performance in direct home delivery or assembly of product for customers; changes to statutory, regulatory and legal requirements,
including without limitation proposed changes affecting international trade; changes to, or new, tax laws or interpretation of existing tax laws; new, or
developments in existing, litigation, claims or assessments; changes to, or new, accounting standards; and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update our forward-looking statements.

35

Table of Contents

ITEM 7A – QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment securities and the ABL Facility. As of February 27, 2021, our
investments include cash and cash equivalents of approximately $1.353 billion, and long term investments in auction rate securities of approximately $19.4
million, at weighted average interest rates of 0.01% and 0.09%, respectively. The book value of these investments is representative of their fair values.
Our senior unsecured notes have fixed interest rates and are not subject to interest rate risk. As of February 27, 2021, the fair value of the senior unsecured
notes was $1.118 billion, which is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments compared to the carrying value of approximately
$1.195 billion.

36

Table of Contents

ITEM 8 – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The following are included herein:
1) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020
2) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020, and March 2, 2019
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the fiscal years ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020, and
3) March 2, 2019
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020, and March 2,
4) 2019
5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020, and March 2, 2019
6) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
7) Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

37

Table of Contents

BED BATH & BEYOND INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in thousands, except per share data)
February 27,
2021
Assetsv 
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
Short term investment securities
Merchandise inventories
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Assets held-for-sale
Total current assets
Long term investment securities
Property and equipment, net
Operating lease assets
Other assets

$

Total assets
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Merchandise credit and gift card liabilities
Current operating lease liabilities
Liabilities related to assets held-for-sale
Total current liabilities
Other liabilities
Operating lease liabilities
Income taxes payable
Long term debt
Total liabilities
Shareholders' equity:
Preferred stock - $0.01 par value; authorized - 1,000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding
Common stock - $0.01 par value; authorized - 900,000 shares; issued 343,241 and 343,683, respectively;
outstanding 109,621 and 126,528 shares, respectively
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Treasury stock, at cost; 233,620 and 217,155 shares, respectively
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Total shareholders' equity

$

$

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

38

1,352,984
—
1,671,909
595,152
—
3,620,045
19,545
918,418
1,587,101
311,821
6,456,930

$

986,045
636,329
312,486
360,061
—
2,294,921
82,279
1,509,767
102,664
1,190,363
5,179,994

$

$

—

$

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity

February 29,
2020

3,432
2,152,135
10,225,253
(11,048,284)
(55,600)
1,276,936
6,456,930 $

1,000,340
385,642
2,093,869
248,342
98,092
3,826,285
20,380
1,430,604
2,006,966
506,280
7,790,515

944,194
675,776
340,407
463,005
43,144
2,466,526
204,926
1,818,783
46,945
1,488,400
6,025,580
—
3,436
2,167,337
10,374,826
(10,715,755)
(64,909)
1,764,935
7,790,515

Table of Contents

BED BATH & BEYOND INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in thousands, except per share data)
February 27,
2021
$
9,233,028

Net sales
Cost of sales

Twelve Months Ended
February 29,
2020
March 2, 2019
$
11,158,580 $
12,028,797

6,114,947

7,616,920

7,924,817

3,118,081

3,541,660

4,103,980

3,224,363

3,732,498

3,681,210

Goodwill and other impairments

127,341

509,226

509,905

Restructuring and transformation initiative expenses

102,202

—

—

1,062

—

—

(336,887)

(700,064)

(87,135)

76,913

64,789

69,474

(77,038)

—

—

(336,762)

(764,853)

(156,609)

(185,989)

(151,037)

(19,385)

Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses

Loss on sale of businesses, including impairment of assets held for sale
Operating loss
Interest expense, net
Gain on extinguishment of debt
Loss before benefit from income taxes
Benefit from income taxes
Net loss

$

(150,773) $

(613,816) $

(137,224)

Net loss per share - Basic
Net loss per share - Diluted

$
$

(1.24) $
(1.24) $

(4.94) $
(4.94) $

(1.02)
(1.02)

Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic
Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted

121,446
121,446

Dividends declared per share

$
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

39

—

124,352
124,352
$

0.68

134,292
134,292
$

0.64

Table of Contents

BED BATH & BEYOND INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
(in thousands)
Twelve Months Ended
February 27,
February 29,
2021
2020
March 2, 2019
$
(150,773) $
(613,816) $
(137,224)

Net loss
Other comprehensive (loss) income:
Change in temporary impairment of auction rate securities, net of taxes
Pension adjustment, net of taxes
Reclassification adjustment on partial settlement of the pension plan, net of taxes
Currency translation adjustment
Other comprehensive income (loss)

$

Comprehensive loss

(617)
(1,396)
1,522
9,800
9,309

276
(4,791)
—
(1,784)
(6,299)

366
(482)
—
(10,198)
(10,314)

(141,464) $

(620,115) $

(147,538)

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

40

Table of Contents

BED BATH & BEYOND INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
(in thousands)
Common Stock

Treasury Stock

Additional
PaidRetained
Shares
Amount
in Capital
Earnings
341,795 $
3,418 $ 2,057,975 $ 11,343,503

Balance at March 3, 2018
Net loss

Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Shares
Amount
Loss
(201,297) $ (10,467,972) $
(48,296) $

(137,224)

(137,224)

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

(10,314)

Effect of Adoption of ASU 2014-09
Dividend declared

Total
2,888,628
(10,314)

(4,221)

(4,221)

(89,171)

(89,171)

Issuance of restricted shares, net

320

3

(3)

Payment and vesting of performance stock units

464

5

(5)

—

60,657

60,657

Stock-based compensation expense, net
Director fees paid in stock

3

Repurchase of common stock, including fees
Balance at March 2, 2019

342,582

—

49
3,426

2,118,673

Net loss

49
11,112,887

(9,052)
(210,349)

(148,073)
(10,616,045)

(58,610)

(613,816)

(613,816)

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

(6,299)

Effect of Adoption of ASU 2016-02
Dividend declared

(148,073)
2,560,331
(6,299)

(40,700)

(40,700)

(83,545)

(83,545)

Shares sold under employee stock option plans, net of taxes

139

1

2,345

2,346

Issuance of restricted shares, net

370

4

(4)

—

Payment and vesting of performance stock units

580

5

(5)

—

46,159

46,159

Stock-based compensation expense, net
Director fees paid in stock
Repurchase of common stock, including fees
Balance at February 29, 2020

12
343,683

169
3,436

2,167,337

Net loss

169
10,374,826

(6,806)
(217,155)

(99,710)
(10,715,755)

(150,773)

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

9,309

Dividend forfeited
Forfeiture of restricted shares, net

(64,909)

(150,773)

(99,710)
1,764,935

1,200

9,309
1,200

(786)

(8)

8

344

4

(4)

—

Stock-based compensation expense, net

32,344

32,344

Accelerated share repurchase program

(47,550)

(15,833)

(327,450)

2,152,135

(632)
(233,620)

(5,079)
(11,048,284)

Payment and vesting of performance stock units

Repurchase of common stock, including fees
Balance at February 27, 2021

343,241

3,432

—

10,225,253

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
41

(375,000)
(55,600)

(5,079)
1,276,936

Table of Contents

BED BATH & BEYOND INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Twelve Months Ended
February 27,
February 29,
2021
2020
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
Loss on sale leaseback transaction
Gain on sale of building
Gain on debt extinguishment
Loss on sale of businesses including impairment of assets held for sale
Goodwill and other impairments
Stock-based compensation
Deferred income taxes
Other
Decrease (increase) in assets:
Merchandise inventories
Trading investment securities
Other current assets
Other assets
(Decrease) increase in liabilities:
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Merchandise credit and gift card liabilities
Income taxes payable
Operating lease assets and liabilities, net
Other liabilities
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Purchases of held-to-maturity investment securities
Redemption of held-to-maturity investment securities
Net proceeds from sales of businesses
Proceeds from sale-leaseback transaction
Proceeds from sale of a building
Capital expenditures
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Borrowing of long-term debt
Repayments of long-term debt
Repurchase of common stock, including fees
Prepayment under share repurchase agreement
Payment of dividends
Payment of deferred financing fees
Proceeds from exercise of stock options
Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
Change in cash balances classified as held-for-sale
Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash:
Beginning of period

$

$

End of period

(150,773) $

(613,816) $

(137,224)

340,912
—
—
(77,038)
1,062
127,341
31,594
148,741
(396)

342,511
27,357
—
—
—
509,226
45,676
(145,543)
(3,446)

338,825
—
(29,690)
(412)
—
509,905
58,514
(104,089)
(814)

64,947
—
(387,172)
1,519

506,334
21
(4,781)
218

106,928
86,277
269,186
218

168,556
15,538
(12,110)
54,958
(32,813)
(26,758)
268,108

(124,206)
61,864
1,154
(22,783)
(2,899)
14,054
590,941

(90,657)
(77,147)
16,016
8,360
—
(35,918)
918,278

—
386,500
534,457
—
—
(183,077)
737,880

(443,500)
545,000
—
267,277
—
(277,401)
91,376

(734,424)
538,925
—
—
11,183
(325,366)
(509,682)

236,400
(457,827)
(332,529)
(47,550)
(23,108)
(7,690)
—
(632,304)
5,075
378,759
4,815
383,574

—
—
(99,710)
—
(85,482)
—
2,346
(182,846)
(977)
498,494
(4,815)
493,679

—
(4,224)
(148,073)
—
(86,287)
—
—
(238,584)
(7,181)
162,831
—
162,831

1,023,650
1,407,224

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
42

March 2,
2019

$

529,971
1,023,650

$

367,140
529,971

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and Subsidiaries

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RELATED MATTERS
A. Nature of Operations
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") is an omnichannel retailer that makes it easy for its customers to feel at home. The Company
sells a wide assortment of merchandise in the Home, Baby, Beauty & Wellness markets and operates under the names Bed Bath & Beyond ("BBB"),
buybuy BABY ("BABY"), and Harmon, Harmon Face Values, or Face Values (collectively, "Harmon"). Customers can purchase products either in-store,
online, with a mobile device or through a customer contact center. The Company generally has the ability to have customer purchases picked up in-store,
curbside or shipped direct to the customer from the Company’s distribution facilities, stores or vendors. The Company also operates Decorist, an online
interior design platform that provides personalized home design services. In addition, the Company is a partner in a joint venture which operates retail
stores in Mexico under the name Bed Bath & Beyond.
For fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company has accounted for its operations as two operating segments: North American Retail and Institutional Sales,
which did not meet the quantitative thresholds under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and, therefore, was not a reportable segment. The
Institutional Sales operating segment was comprised of Linen Holdings, which was divested in October 2020. The Company will continue to account for its
operations as one North American Retail reporting segment going forward. Net sales outside of the U.S. for the Company were not material for fiscal 2020,
2019 and 2018. As the Company operates in the retail industry, its results of operations are affected by general economic conditions and consumer
spending habits.
B. Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal year is comprised of the 52 or 53-week period ending on the Saturday nearest February 28th. Accordingly, fiscal 2020, 2019 and
fiscal 2018 represented 52 weeks and ended on February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020 and March 2, 2019, respectively.
C. Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company accounts for
its investment in the joint venture under the equity method.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
D. Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This
guidance requires an entity to recognize lease liabilities and a right-of-use asset for all leases on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about the
entity's leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
that reporting period, with earlier adoption permitted. In July 2018, the FASB approved an amendment to the new guidance that allows companies the
option of using the effective date of the new standard as the initial application (at the beginning of the period in which it is adopted, rather than at the
beginning of the earliest comparative period) and to recognize the effects of applying the new ASU as a cumulative effect adjustment to the opening
balance sheet or retained earnings. The Company adopted this accounting standard at the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2019 using the new
transition election to not restate comparative periods. The Company elected the package of practical expedients upon adoption, which permits the Company
to not reassess under the new standard the Company's prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. In addition,
the Company elected not to separate lease and non-lease components for all real estate leases and did not elect the hindsight practical expedient. Lastly, the
Company elected the short-term lease exception policy, permitting it to exclude the recognition requirements of this standard from leases with initial terms
of 12 months or less. Upon adoption, the Company recognized operating lease assets of approximately $2.0 billion and operating lease liabilities of
approximately $2.2 billion on its consolidated balance sheet. In addition, upon adoption, deferred rent and various lease incentives which were recorded as
of March 2, 2019 were reclassified as a component of the operating lease assets. Upon adoption, the Company recognized a cumulative adjustment
decreasing opening retained earnings by approximately $40.7 million due to the impairment of certain operating lease assets. The adoption of the new
standard did not have a material impact on the consolidated statements of operations or cash flows.

43

Table of Contents

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes, to simplify the accounting for income taxes. The guidance eliminates certain
exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocations, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period, and the recognition of
deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences related to changes in ownership of equity method investments and foreign subsidiaries. The guidance
also simplifies aspects of accounting for franchise taxes, enacted changes in tax laws or rates and clarifies the accounting for transactions that result in a
step-up in the tax basis of goodwill. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and interim periods within those fiscal
years with early adoption permitted. The Company has not adopted this standard; upon adoption, the Company does not believe this guidance will have a
material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
E.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to establish
accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The
Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that it believes to be relevant under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. In particular,
judgment is used in areas such as inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets, impairment of auction rate securities, goodwill and other indefinite
lived intangible assets, accruals for self-insurance, litigation, store opening, expansion, relocation and closing costs, the provision for sales returns, vendor
allowances, stock-based compensation and income and certain other taxes. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
F Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Included in cash and
cash equivalents are credit and debit card receivables from banks, which typically settle within five business days, of $64.0 million and $79.7 million as of
February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, respectively.
G. Investment Securities
Investment securities consist primarily of auction rate securities, which are securities with interest rates that reset periodically through an auction process,
and U.S. Treasury Bills, when outstanding. The U.S. Treasury Bills with original maturities of greater than three months were classified as short term heldto-maturity securities and stated at their amortized cost which approximated fair value. Auction rate securities are classified as available-for-sale and are
stated at fair value, which had historically been consistent with cost or par value due to interest rates which reset periodically, typically every 7, 28 or 35
days. As a result, there generally were no cumulative gross unrealized holding gains or losses relating to these auction rate securities. However, beginning
in mid-February 2008 due to market conditions, the auction process for the Company’s auction rate securities failed and continues to fail. These failed
auctions result in a lack of liquidity in the securities and affect their estimated fair values at February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, but do not affect the
underlying collateral of the securities. (See "Fair Value Measurements," Note 4 and "Investment Securities," Note 5). All income from these investments is
recorded as interest income.
Those investment securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity investments and are
stated at amortized cost. Those investment securities which are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term are classified as
trading securities and are stated at fair market value.
Premiums are amortized and discounts are accreted over the life of the security as adjustments to interest income using the effective interest method.
Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.
H. Inventory Valuation
Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Inventory costs are primarily calculated using the weighted average retail inventory
method.
Under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross margins are calculated by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the
retail values of inventories. The inputs associated with determining the cost-to-retail ratio include: merchandise purchases, net of returns to vendors,
discounts and volume and incentive rebates; inbound freight expenses; duty, insurance and commissions.
The retail inventory method contains certain management judgments that may affect inventory valuation. At any one time, inventories include items that
have been written down to the Company’s best estimate of their realizable value. Judgment is

44

Table of Contents

required in estimating realizable value and factors considered are the age of merchandise, anticipated demand based on factors such as customer
preferences and fashion trends, as well as anticipated markdowns to reduce the price of merchandise from its recorded retail price to a retail price at which
it is expected to be sold in the future. These estimates are based on historical experience and current information about future events which are inherently
uncertain. Actual realizable value could differ materially from this estimate based upon future customer demand or economic conditions, including the
duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Company estimates its reserve for shrinkage throughout the year based on historical shrinkage and any current trends, if applicable. Actual shrinkage is
recorded at year end based upon the results of the Company’s physical inventory counts for locations at which counts were conducted. For locations where
physical inventory counts were not conducted in the fiscal year, an estimated shrink reserve is recorded based on historical shrinkage and any current
trends, if applicable. Historically, the Company’s shrinkage has not been volatile.
The Company accrues for merchandise in transit once it takes legal ownership and title to the merchandise; as such, an estimate for merchandise in transit
is included in the Company’s merchandise inventories.
I. Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated primarily using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets (forty
years for buildings; five to twenty years for furniture, fixtures and equipment; and three to ten years for computer equipment and software). Leasehold
improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their estimated useful life or the life of the lease. Depreciation expense is
primarily included within selling, general and administrative expenses.
The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to earnings as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs
amounted to $117.7 million, $133.9 million, and $132.4 million for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
J. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may exceed
their current fair values. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an
impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the assets. Judgment is required in
estimating the fair value of the assets including assumptions related to sales growth rates and market rental rates. These estimates are based on historical
experience and current information about future events which are inherently uncertain. Assets to be disposed of would be separately presented in the
balance sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a
disposal group classified as held for sale would be presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability sections of the balance sheet (see "Assets Held
for Sale and Divestitures," Note 15). In fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, the Company recorded non-cash pre-tax impairment charges of $92.9 million and $75.1
million, respectively, for certain store-level assets, including leasehold improvements and operating lease assets. In fiscal 2018, the Company recorded a
$23.0 million non-cash pre-tax impairment charge for certain store-level assets. These charges were recorded within goodwill and other impairments in the
Company's consolidated statements of operations. In the future, if events or market conditions affect the estimated fair value to the extent that a long-lived
asset is impaired, the Company will adjust the carrying value of these long-lived assets in the period in which the impairment occurs.
K Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets
The Company reviews its intangible assets that have indefinite lives for impairment annually as of the end of the fiscal year or when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. Impairment testing is based upon the best information
available including estimates of fair value which incorporate assumptions marketplace participants would use in making their estimates of fair value.
Significant assumptions and estimates are required, including, but not limited to, projecting future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and
terminal growth rates, and other assumptions, to estimate the fair value of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets. Although the Company believes
the assumptions and estimates made are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact its reported financial
results.
As of June 1, 2019, the Company completed a quantitative impairment analysis of goodwill related to its reporting units by comparing the fair value of a
reporting unit with its carrying amount. The Company performed a discounted cash flow analysis

45

Table of Contents

and market multiple analysis for each reporting unit. Based upon the analysis performed, the Company recognized non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment
charges of $391.1 million for the North American Retail reporting unit, and as of June 1, 2019, the Company did not have any goodwill recorded on its
consolidated balance sheet. In fiscal 2018, the Company recognized non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charges of $285.1 million and $40.1 million for
the North American Retail and Institutional Sales reporting units, respectively. Cumulatively, the Company has recognized non-cash pre-tax goodwill
impairment charges of $676.2 million and $40.1 million for the North American Retail and Institutional Sales reporting units, respectively. The non-cash
pre-tax impairment charges were primarily the result of a sustained decline in the Company's market capitalization. As of February 27, 2021, the Company
did not have any goodwill recorded on its consolidated balance sheet.
Other indefinite-lived intangible assets were recorded as a result of acquisitions and primarily consist of tradenames. The Company values its tradenames
using a relief-from-royalty approach, which assumes the value of the tradename is the discounted cash flows of the amount that would be paid by a
hypothetical market participant had they not owned the tradename and instead licensed the tradename from another company. For the fiscal years ended
February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020 and March 2, 2019, the Company completed a quantitative impairment analysis for certain other indefinite lived
intangible assets, by comparing the fair value of the tradenames to their carrying value and recognized non-cash pre-tax tradename impairment charges of
$35.1 million, $41.8 million and $161.7 million, respectively, within goodwill and other impairments in the consolidated statement of operations. As of
February 27, 2021, for the remaining other indefinite lived intangible assets, the Company assessed qualitative factors in order to determine whether any
events and circumstances existed which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of these other indefinite lived assets did not exceed
their carrying values and concluded no such events or circumstances existed which would require an impairment test be performed. In the future, if events
or market conditions affect the estimated fair value to the extent that an asset is impaired, the Company will adjust the carrying value of these assets in the
period in which the impairment occurs.
Included within other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, respectively, are $22.0
million and $91.2 million for indefinite lived tradenames and trademarks.
L. Self-Insurance
The Company utilizes a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks including workers’ compensation, general liability, cyber
liability, property liability, automobile liability and employee related health care benefits (a portion of which is paid by its employees). Liabilities
associated with the risks that the Company retains are not discounted and are estimated by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors,
severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. Although the Company’s claims experience has not displayed substantial volatility in the past, actual
experience could materially vary from its historical experience in the future. Factors that affect these estimates include but are not limited to: inflation, the
number and severity of claims and regulatory changes. In the future, if the Company concludes an adjustment to self-insurance accruals is required, the
liability will be adjusted accordingly.
Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company began insuring portions of its workers' compensation and medical insurance through a wholly
owned captive insurance subsidiary (the "Captive") to enhance its risk financing strategies. The Captive is subject to regulations in Vermont, including
those relating to its levels of liquidity and other requirements. The Captive was in compliance with all regulations as of February 27, 2021. As of
February 27, 2021, the cash and cash equivalents at the Captive were $43.1 million.
M. Shareholders’ Equity
The Company has authorization to make repurchases of its common shares from time to time in the open market or through other parameters approved by
the Board of Directors pursuant to existing rules and regulations.
Between December 2004 and December 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized, through several share repurchase programs, the repurchase of
$12.775 billion of its shares of common stock. Since 2004 through the end of fiscal 2020, the Company has repurchased approximately $11.0 billion of its
common stock through share repurchase programs. The Company also acquires shares of its common stock to cover employee related taxes withheld on
vested restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance stock unit awards. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020, the Company's Board of Directors
expanded the existing share repurchase authorization by an additional $175 million, which increased the total share repurchase authorization to
$12.950 billion.
In October 2020, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR Agreement") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association ("JP Morgan") to repurchase $225.0 million of the Company's common stock. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, the Company paid $225.0
million to JP Morgan and received an initial delivery of 4.5 million shares. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company received an additional
6.3 million shares under this ASR Agreement, based on the average of

46

Table of Contents

the daily volume-weighted average price of common stock during the term of the ASR Agreement. These repurchases of 10.8 million total shares resulted
in a $225.0 million increase in treasury stock and reduced the number of weighted average shares outstanding.
In January 2021, the Company entered into a second accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR Agreement 2") to repurchase an aggregate of $150.0
million of the Company’s common stock, subject to market conditions. Pursuant to ASR Agreement 2, the Company paid $150.0 million to JP Morgan, and
received an initial delivery of 5.0 million shares, which was accounted for as a treasury stock transaction and resulted in a $102.5 million increase in
treasury stock and also reduced the weighted average shares outstanding. The Company also recorded a $47.6 million decrease in additional paid in capital
upon the inception of ASR Agreement 2. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020, final settlement under ASR Agreement 2 occurred and the Company
received an additional 0.2 million shares.
In addition, during fiscal 2020, the Company repurchased approximately 0.6 million shares of its common stock to cover employee related taxes withheld
on vested restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance stock unit awards, at a total cost of approximately $5.1 million. During fiscal 2019, the
Company repurchased approximately 6.8 million shares of its common stock at a total cost of approximately $99.7 million. During fiscal 2018 the
Company repurchased approximately 9.1 million shares of its common stock at a total cost of approximately $148.1 million. The Company has
approximately $1.7 billion remaining of authorized share repurchases as of February 27, 2021. The Company’s share repurchase program could change,
and any future share repurchases will be subject to the determination of the Board of Directors, based on an evaluation of the Company’s earnings, financial
condition and requirements, business conditions and other factors, including the restrictions on share repurchases under the Credit Agreement (see “Long
Term Debt,” Note 7).
During fiscal 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a quarterly dividend program. During fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, total cash dividends of
$23.1 million, $85.5 million and $86.3 million were paid, respectively. In March 2020, the Company suspended its future quarterly declarations of cash
dividends as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any future quarterly cash dividend payments on its common stock will be subject to the determination by
the Board of Directors, based on an evaluation of the Company’s earnings, financial condition and requirements, business conditions and other factors,
including the restrictions on the payment of dividends contained in the Credit Agreement (See "Long Term Debt," Note 7).
Cash dividends, if any, are accrued as a liability on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and recorded as a decrease to retained earnings when
declared.
N. Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, investment securities, accounts payable, long term debt and certain other
liabilities. The Company’s investment securities consist primarily of U.S. Treasury securities, which are stated at amortized cost, and auction rate securities
consisting of preferred shares of closed end municipal bond funds, which are stated at their approximate fair value. The book value of the financial
instruments, excluding the Company’s long term debt, is representative of their fair values (See "Fair Value Measurements," Note 4). As of February 27,
2021, the fair value of the Company’s long term debt was approximately $1.118 billion, which is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical
instruments (i.e., Level 1 valuation), compared to the carrying value of approximately $1.195 billion.
O. Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at the inception of the contract. The Company’s leases generally contain fixed and
variable components. Variable components are primarily contingent rents based upon store sales exceeding stipulated amounts. Lease agreements may also
include non-lease components, such as certain taxes, insurance and common area maintenance, which the Company combines with the lease component to
account for both as a single lease component. Lease liabilities, which represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease,
and corresponding right-of-use assets, which represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, are recognized at the
commencement date of the lease, which is typically the date the Company obtains possession of the leased premises, based on the present value of fixed
future payments over the lease term. The Company utilizes the lease term for which it is reasonably certain to use the underlying asset, including
consideration of options to extend or terminate the lease. Incentives received from landlords are recorded as a reduction to the lease right-of-use assets. The
Company does not recognize lease right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities for leases with initial terms of 12 months or less.
The Company calculates the present value of future payments using the discount rate implicit in the lease, if available, or its incremental borrowing rate.
The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that a lessee would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term at an amount
equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. The Company determined discount rates based on the rates of its unsecured borrowings,
which are then adjusted for the appropriate

47

Table of Contents

lease term and effects of full collateralization. In determining the Company's operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities, the Company applied
these incremental borrowing rates to the minimum lease payments within each lease agreement.
For operating leases, lease expense relating to fixed payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and lease expense relating to
variable payments is expensed as incurred. For finance leases, the amortization of the asset is recognized over the shorter of the lease term or useful life of
the underlying asset.
P. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
Included within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020,
respectively, are $595.2 million and $248.3 million. The majority of the balance as of February 27, 2021 is comprised of income tax receivable of $318.1
million. There was no income tax receivable as of February 29, 2020. (See "Provision For Income Taxes," Note 8).
Q. Assets Held for Sale
The Company classifies long-lived assets or disposal groups as held for sale in the period when the following held for sale criteria are met: (i) the Company
commits to a plan to sell; (ii) the long-lived asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are
usual and customary for sales of such long-lived assets or disposal groups; (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete
the plan to sell have been initiated; (iv) the sale is probable within one year; (v) the asset or disposal group is being actively marketed for sale at a price that
is reasonable in relation to its current fair value; and (vi) it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn.
Long-lived assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.
R. Revenue Recognition
Sales are recognized upon purchase by customers at the Company’s retail stores or upon delivery for products purchased from its websites. The value of
point-of-sale coupons and point-of-sale rebates that result in a reduction of the price paid by the customer are recorded as a reduction of sales. Shipping and
handling fees that are billed to a customer in a sale transaction are recorded in sales. Taxes, such as sales tax, use tax and value added tax, are not included
in sales.
Revenues from gift cards, gift certificates and merchandise credits are recognized when redeemed. Gift cards have no provisions for reduction in the value
of unused card balances over defined time periods and have no expiration dates. In fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, the Company recognized net sales for gift
card and merchandise credit redemptions of approximately $98.0 million and $121.9 million, which were included in merchandise credit and gift card
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, respectively.
Sales returns are provided for in the period that the related sales are recorded based on historical experience. Although the estimate for sales returns has not
varied materially from historical provisions, actual experience could vary from historical experience in the future if the level of sales return activity changes
materially. In the future, if the Company concludes that an adjustment is required due to material changes in the returns activity, the liability for estimated
returns and the corresponding right of return asset will be adjusted accordingly. As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the liability for estimated
returns of $36.2 million and $71.6 million is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and the corresponding right of return asset for
merchandise of $23.4 million and $42.5 million, respectively, is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, respectively.
The Company sells a wide assortment of domestics merchandise and home furnishings. Domestics merchandise includes categories such as bed linens and
related items, bath items and kitchen textiles. Home furnishings include categories such as kitchen and tabletop items, fine tabletop, basic housewares,
general home furnishings (including furniture and wall décor), consumables and certain juvenile products. Sales of domestics merchandise and home
furnishings accounted for approximately 34.7% and 65.3% of net sales, respectively, for fiscal 2020, 35.2% and 64.8% of net sales, respectively, for fiscal
2019 and 35.4% and 64.6% of net sales, respectively, for fiscal 2018.
S. Cost of Sales
Cost of sales includes the cost of merchandise, buying costs and costs of the Company’s distribution network including inbound freight charges,
distribution facility costs, receiving costs, internal transfer costs and shipping and handling costs.

48

Table of Contents

T. Vendor Allowances
The Company receives allowances from vendors in the normal course of business for various reasons including direct cooperative advertising, purchase
volume and reimbursement for other expenses. Annual terms for each allowance include the basis for earning the allowance and payment terms, which vary
by agreement. All vendor allowances are recorded as a reduction of inventory cost, except for direct cooperative advertising allowances which are specific,
incremental and identifiable. The Company recognizes purchase volume allowances as a reduction of the cost of inventory in the quarter in which
milestones are achieved. Advertising costs were reduced by direct cooperative allowances of $28.9 million, $30.9 million, and $37.0 million for fiscal
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
U. Store Opening, Expansion, Relocation and Closing Costs
Store opening, expansion, relocation and closing costs, including markdowns, asset residual values and projected occupancy costs, are charged to earnings
as incurred.
V. Advertising Costs
Advertising expenses related to direct response advertising are expensed on the first day of the direct response advertising event. All other advertising
expenses associated with store advertising are charged to earnings as incurred. Net advertising costs amounted to $347.8 million, $478.5 million and $463.2
million for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
W. Stock-Based Compensation
The Company measures all employee stock-based compensation awards using a fair value method and records such expense, net of estimated forfeitures, in
its consolidated financial statements. The Company’s stock-based compensation relates to restricted stock awards, stock options, restricted stock units and
performance stock units. The Company’s restricted stock awards are considered nonvested share awards.
X. Income Taxes
The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return. Income tax returns are also filed with each taxable jurisdiction in which the Company
conducts business.
The Company accounts for its income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period that includes the enactment date.
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, (the "Tax Act").
The Tax Act included a mandatory one-time tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and as a result, all previously unremitted earnings for
which no U.S. deferred tax liability had been previously accrued has now been subject to U.S. tax. Notwithstanding the U.S. taxation of these amounts, the
Company intends to continue to reinvest the unremitted earnings of its Canadian subsidiary. Accordingly, no additional provision has been made for U.S. or
additional non-U.S. taxes with respect to these earnings, except for the transition tax resulting from the Tax Act. In the event of repatriation to the U.S., it is
expected that such earnings would be subject to non-U.S. withholding taxes offset, in whole or in part, by U.S. foreign tax credits.
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is at least more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements
from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement with the
taxing authorities.
Judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and related accruals, deferred tax assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of
business, there are transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Additionally, the Company’s tax returns are subject to audit
by various tax authorities. Although the Company believes that its estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.

49

Table of Contents

Y. Earnings per Share
The Company presents earnings per share on a basic and diluted basis. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted
average number of shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of shares
outstanding, including the dilutive effect of stock-based awards as calculated under the treasury stock method.
Stock-based awards of approximately 2.4 million, 5.4 million, and 8.2 million shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as
the effect would be anti-dilutive for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
2. IMPACT OF THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic. In compliance with relevant government directives,
the Company closed all of its retail banner stores across the U.S. and Canada as of March 23, 2020, except for most stand-alone BABY and Harmon stores,
which were categorized as essential given the nature of their products. In May 2020, the Company announced a phased approach to re-open its stores in
compliance with relevant government directives, and as of the end of July 2020, nearly all of its stores reopened. The Company cannot predict, however,
whether reopened stores will remain open, particularly as the regions in which it operates are experiencing a resurgence of reported new cases of COVID19 and hospitalizations. In response to the health risks caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company expanded its recently rolled out Buy Online Pick
Up In Store ("BOPIS"), contactless Curbside Pickup and Same Day Delivery services to cover the vast majority of its stores.
The consequences of the pandemic and impact to the economy continue to evolve and the full extent of the impact is uncertain as of the date of this filing.
To date, the pandemic has materially disrupted the operations of the Company and has resulted in the recording of additional non-cash impairment charges.
The Company had proactively taken steps to strengthen its financial position and liquidity, including, among other things: (i) renegotiating payment terms
for goods, services and rent, managing to lower inventory levels, and reducing discretionary spending such as business travel, advertising and expenses
associated with the maintenance of stores that were temporarily closed; (ii) deferring other previously planned capital expenditures; (iii) suspending
dividends; and (iv) prioritizing spending on essential capital expenditures to drive strategic growth plans, including investments in digital, BOPIS and
contactless Curbside Pickup services. The Company had also suspended its plans for debt reduction and postponed share repurchases, but lifted the debt
repurchase suspension in August 2020 and the postponement of share repurchases in October 2020.
In some instances, the renegotiations of lease terms have led to agreements with landlords for rent abatements or rental deferrals. Total payments withheld
and/or delayed or deferred as of February 27, 2021 were approximately $9.6 million and are included in current lease liabilities. During the fiscal year
ended February 27, 2021, the Company recognized reduced rent expense of $10.3 million related to rent abatement concessions. Additional negotiations of
payment terms are still in process, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully renegotiate payment terms with its business
partners, and the ultimate outcomes of these activities, including the responses of certain business partners, are not yet known. The COVID-19 pandemic
has materially adversely impacted the Company’s results of operations and cash flows in fiscal 2020, and it could continue to impact results of operations
and cash flows, as well as the Company’s financial condition. Given the uncertainty regarding the spread of this virus and the timing of the economic
recovery, the ultimate financial impact cannot be reasonably predicted or estimated at this time.
Further, on March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") was enacted in the United States. The CARES
Act is an emergency economic aid package to help mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Among other things, the CARES Act provides certain
changes to tax laws, which may impact the Company’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The Company is currently implementing
certain provisions of the CARES Act, such as deferring employer payroll taxes and utilizing the ability to carry back and deduct losses to offset prior
income in previously filed tax returns. As of February 27, 2021, the Company has deferred $3.1 million of employer payroll taxes, of which 50% are
required to be deposited by December 2021 and the remaining 50% by December 2022. During the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, under the CARES
Act, the Company recorded an additional $41.0 million benefit as a result of the fiscal 2019 net operating losses and a $111.0 million benefit as a result of
the fiscal 2020 net operating losses, both of which can now be carried back to prior years during which the federal tax rate was 35%. In addition, during the
fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, the Company recorded credits of $33.3 million as an offset to selling, general and administrative expenses as a result
of the employee retention credits made available under the CARES Act for U.S. employees and under the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy for Canadian
employees.

50

Table of Contents

3. RESTRUCTURING AND TRANSFORMATION ACTIVITIES
Fiscal 2020 Restructuring Charges
The Company recorded $149.3 million within cost of sales and restructuring and transformation initiative expenses in its consolidated statements of
operations for fiscal 2020 for costs associated with its planned store closures as part of the network optimization plan for which the store closure process
has commenced, workforce reduction and other transformation initiatives.
As part of the Company's ongoing business transformation, on July 6, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the planned closure of
approximately 200 mostly Bed Bath & Beyond stores by the end of fiscal 2021 as part of the Company's store network optimization program, 144 of which
have been closed as of February 27, 2021. In fiscal 2020, the Company recorded costs associated with its planned store closures for which the store closing
process has commenced of $21.0 million within cost of sales, $5.3 million of severance costs and $39.2 million of lease-related and other costs within
restructuring and transformation initiative expenses in its consolidated statements of operations. At this point, the Company is unable to estimate the
amount or range of amounts expected to be incurred in connection with future store closures and will provide such estimates as they become available.
In addition, during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company announced a major realignment of its organizational structure as part of its
transformation initiative, to further simplify the Company's operations, support investment in its strategic growth plans, and provide additional financial
flexibility. In connection with the organizational realignment, the Company implemented a workforce reduction of approximately 2,800 roles from across
its corporate headquarters and retail stores. During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately
$23.1 million within restructuring and transformation initiative expenses in its consolidated statements of operations, related to severance and associated
costs for this workforce reduction, all of which have been paid during fiscal 2020.
During fiscal 2020, the Company also recorded costs of approximately $26.1 million within cost of sales and $34.6 million within restructuring and
transformation initiative expenses in its consolidated statements of operations related to other transformation initiatives.
Fiscal 2019 Restructuring Charges
During fiscal 2019, the Company expensed pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately $102.5 million, primarily for severance and related costs in
conjunction with its transformation initiatives and extensive leadership changes, within selling, general and administrative expenses in its consolidated
statement of operations. As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the accrual for the pre-tax restructuring charges was approximately $17.7 million
and $73.4 million, respectively, primarily reflecting payments of $54.6 million during fiscal 2020.
4. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., "the exit price") in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the Company uses various valuation approaches, including quoted market prices
and discounted cash flows. The hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of
unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect a company’s
judgment concerning the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available
under the circumstances. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an
asset or liability must be classified in its entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement of fair value. The fair value
hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows:
•

Level 1 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments that the Company is able to access. Since valuations are
based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these products does not entail a significant degree
of judgment.

•

Level 2 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for instruments that are similar, or quoted prices in markets that are not active for
identical or similar instruments, and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active
markets.

•

Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.

51

Table of Contents

The Company did not have any financial assets utilizing Level 2 inputs. Financial assets utilizing Level 3 inputs included long term investments in auction
rate securities consisting of preferred shares of closed end municipal bond funds (See "Investment Securities," Note 5).
The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, investment securities, accounts payable, long term debt and certain other
liabilities. The book value of the Company's financial instruments, excluding long term debt, is representative of their fair values. The Company’s
investment securities at February 29, 2020 consisted primarily of U.S. Treasury securities, which are stated at amortized cost and are based on quoted
prices in active markets for identical instruments (Level 1 valuation). As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the fair value of the Company’s long
term debt was approximately $1.118 billion and $1.126 billion, respectively, which is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments
(i.e., Level 1 valuation), compared to the carrying value of approximately $1.195 billion and $1.495 billion, respectively.
5. INVESTMENT SECURITIES
The Company’s investment securities as of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020 are as follows:
February 27,
2021

(in millions)
Available-for-sale securities:
Long term

$

19.4

$

20.3

$

—
19.4

$

385.6
405.9

Held-to-maturity securities:
Short term
Total investment securities

February 29,
2020

Auction Rate Securities
As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the Company’s long term available-for-sale investment securities represented approximately $20.3 million,
par value of auction rate securities, consisting of preferred shares of closed end municipal bond funds, less a temporary valuation adjustment of
approximately $830,000 as of February 27, 2021 and plus a temporary valuation adjustment of approximately $5,000 as of February 29, 2020. Since these
valuation adjustments are deemed to be temporary, they are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of a related tax benefit, and did not
affect the Company’s net earnings.
U.S. Treasury Securities
As of February 27, 2021, there were no short-term held-to-maturity securities. As of February 29, 2020 the Company had $385.6 million of short term
held-to maturity securities, consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with remaining maturities of less than one year. These securities are stated at their amortized
cost, which approximates fair value.
6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Property and equipment consist of the following:
February 27,
February 29,
2021
2020
$
24,840 $
261,743
502,869
718,159
721,039
1,082,765
1,355,758
1,376,931
2,604,506
3,439,598
(1,686,088)
(2,008,994)
$
918,418 $
1,430,604

(in thousands)
Land and buildings
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
Leasehold improvements
Computer equipment and software
Total
Less: Accumulated depreciation
Property and equipment, net

52

Table of Contents

7. LONG TERM DEBT
Senior Unsecured Notes
On July 17, 2014, the Company issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.749% senior unsecured notes due August 1, 2024, $300 million
aggregate principal amount of 4.915% senior unsecured notes due August 1, 2034 and $900 million aggregate principal amount of 5.165% senior
unsecured notes due August 1, 2044 (collectively, the "Notes"). Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year.
The Notes were issued under an indenture (the "Base Indenture"), as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture (together, with the Base Indenture, the
"Indenture"), which contains various restrictive covenants, which are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture.
The Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Notes as of February 27, 2021.
On August 10, 2020, the Company announced that it lifted its temporary suspension of planned debt reductions and had commenced cash tender offers (the
"Cash Tender Offers") to purchase up to $300 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 4.915% senior unsecured notes due 2034 and 5.165%
senior unsecured notes due 2044. On August 24, 2020, the Company announced the successful early results and early settlement date of its Cash Tender
Offers. On August 28, 2020, the Company completed its Cash Tender Offers to purchase approximately $75.0 million aggregate principal amount of its
4.915% senior unsecured notes due 2034 and approximately $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.165% senior unsecured notes due 2044. The
total consideration paid for the notes accepted for purchase of $220.9 million included an early tender premium of $50 per $1,000 principal amount of the
notes accepted for purchase, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but not including, the early settlement date. The Company recorded a gain on
extinguishment of debt of $77.0 million in its consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, including the write off of
unamortized debt financing costs related to the extinguished portion of the notes accepted for purchase and reacquisition costs. In fiscal 2018, the Company
purchased and retired approximately $4.6 million of senior unsecured notes due August 1, 2024.
As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the Company’s 3.749% senior unsecured notes due
2024, 4.915% senior unsecured notes due 2034 and 5.165% senior unsecured notes due 2044 were $5.0 million and $7.0 million, respectively, and are
included in long-term debt in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.
Asset-Based Credit Agreement
On June 19, 2020, the Company entered into a secured asset-based credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") among the Company, certain of the
Company’s U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the
"Agent"), and the lenders party thereto, which replaced the Company’s previous $250 million five year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement
maturing November 14, 2022 ("Revolver"), as well as the Company's two prior $100 million uncommitted lines of credit.
The Credit Agreement provides for a secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the "ABL Facility") with aggregate revolving commitments established
at closing of $850 million, including a swingline subfacility and a letter of credit subfacility. The Credit Agreement has an uncommitted expansion feature
which allows the Company to request, at any time following the delivery of an initial field exam and appraisal, an increase in aggregate revolving
commitments under the ABL Facility or elect to enter into a first-in-last-out loan facility, collectively, in an aggregate amount of up to $375 million, subject
to certain customary conditions. The Credit Agreement matures on June 19, 2023. The proceeds advanced under the Credit Agreement were used to
refinance $236.4 million in borrowings outstanding under the Revolver. These borrowings were fully repaid in August 2020. As of February 27, 2021, the
Company had no loans outstanding under the ABL Facility, but had outstanding letters of credit of $142.0 million.
The ABL Facility is secured on a first priority basis (subject to customary exceptions) on all accounts receivable (including credit card receivables),
inventory, certain deposit accounts and securities accounts, and certain related assets, of the Company and its subsidiaries that are borrowers or guarantors
under the ABL Facility. Amounts available to be drawn from time to time under the ABL Facility (including, in part, in the form of letters of credit) are
equal to the lesser of (i) outstanding revolving commitments under the Credit Agreement and (ii) a borrowing base equal to the sum of (a) 90% of eligible
credit card receivables, plus (b) 90% of eligible inventory, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined on a weighted average cost basis, minus
(c) customary reserves.
Subject to customary exceptions and restrictions, the Company may voluntarily repay outstanding amounts under the ABL Facility at any time without
premium or penalty. Any voluntary prepayments made will not reduce commitments under the ABL

53

Table of Contents

Facility. If at any time the outstanding amount under the ABL Facility exceeds the lesser of (i) the aggregate revolving commitments and (ii) the borrowing
base, the Company will be required to prepay outstanding amounts or cash collateralize letter of credit obligations under the ABL Facility.
The Credit Agreement contains a mandatory prepayment provision which provides that if at any time (i) the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash
equivalents of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would exceed $100 million and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all loans (other than
incremental first-in-last-out loans borrowed under the expansion feature of the Credit Agreement) exceeds $600 million, then the borrowers must repay
outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount equal to the amount in excess of $600 million.
Outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the applicable borrower’s election: (i) in the case of loans
denominated in U.S. dollars, LIBOR or an alternate base rate and (ii) for loans denominated in Canadian dollars, CDOR or the Canadian prime rate, in each
case as set forth in the Credit Agreement, plus an interest rate margin based on average quarterly availability ranging from (i) in the case of LIBOR loans
and CDOR loans, 2.25% to 2.75%; provided that if LIBOR or CDOR is less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00%, as applicable, and (ii) in
the case of alternate base rate loans and Canadian prime rate loans, 1.25% to 1.75%; provided that if the alternate base rate or Canadian prime rate is less
than 2.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 2.00%, as applicable.
The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default and financial, affirmative and negative covenants for facilities
of this type, including but not limited to a springing financial covenant relating to a fixed charge coverage ratio, which will become effective if availability
under the ABL Facility falls below a specified threshold, and restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments and acquisitions, asset dispositions, restricted
payments (including dividends and share repurchases) and prepayment of certain indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants related
to the Credit Agreement as of February 27, 2021.
As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the Company's revolving credit facilities were $6.1
million and $0.3 million, respectively, and were recorded in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.
The Company amortizes deferred financing costs for the Notes and the ABL Facility over their respective terms and such amortization is included in
interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Interest expense related to the Notes and the revolving credit facilities, including the
commitment fee and the amortization of deferred financing costs, was approximately $73.6 million for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021 and $73.0
million for each of the fiscal years ended February 29, 2020 and March 2, 2019.
8. PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES
The components of the (benefit) provision for income taxes are as follows:
February 27,
2021

(in thousands)
Current:
Federal
State and local

$

Deferred:
Federal
State and local
$

FISCAL YEAR ENDED
February 29,
2020
March 2, 2019

(336,506) $
1,211
(335,295)

2,455 $
(7,973)
(5,518)

61,721
22,995
84,716

150,861
(1,555)
149,306
(185,989) $

(124,578)
(20,941)
(145,519)
(151,037) $

(83,576)
(20,525)
(104,101)
(19,385)

At February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, included in other assets are net deferred income tax assets of $130.0 million and $276.5 million, respectively.
These amounts represent the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts

54

Table of Contents

of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The significant components of the Company’s
deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:
February 27,
2021

(in thousands)
Deferred tax assets:
Inventories
Operating lease liabilities
Insurance
Stock-based compensation
Merchandise credits and gift card liabilities
Accrued expenses
Obligations on distribution facilities
Intangibles
Goodwill
Carryforwards and other tax credits
Other

$

Valuation allowance:

13,040
484,290
9,086
1,014
52,584
31,914
—
1,008
1,596
86,914
34,104

February 29,
2020
$

(26,011)

Deferred tax liabilities:
Depreciation
Intangibles
Prepaid expenses
Operating lease assets
Other
$

(105,649)
—
(26,356)
(409,535)
(17,977)
130,022 $

35,665
601,378
20,208
5,115
47,742
51,334
26,126
—
44,332
118,478
29,539
—

(110,864)
(10,251)
(2,364)
(555,642)
(24,268)
276,528

At February 27, 2021, the Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of $4.6 million (tax effected), which will expire between 2025 and 2039,
state net operating loss carryforwards of $33.5 million (tax effected), which will expire between 2020 and 2040, California state enterprise zone credit
carryforwards of $2.1 million (tax effected), which will expire in 2023, but require taxable income in the enterprise zone to be realizable.
The Company assessed the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of
existing deferred tax assets in each taxpaying jurisdiction. On the basis of this evaluation, as of February 27, 2021, a valuation allowance of $10.5 million
was recorded relative to the charitable contribution carryforward in the U.S., and a valuation allowance of $15.5 million was recorded relative to the
Company's Canadian net deferred tax asset as the Company does not believe the deferred tax assets in that jurisdiction are more likely than not to be
realized; however, the amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the
carryforward period change or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to
subjective evidence such as projections for future growth.

55

Table of Contents

The following table summarizes the activity related to the gross unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions:
(in thousands)
Balance at beginning of year

February 27,
2021
$
51,781

February 29,
2020
$
61,937

69,106
—
(2,797)
(4,981)
(7,360)

5,009
3,857
(15,162)
(203)
(3,657)

Increase related to current year positions
Increase related to prior year positions
Decrease related to prior year positions
Settlements
Lapse of statute of limitations
$

Balance at end of year

105,749

$

51,781

Gross unrecognized tax benefits are classified in non-current income taxes payable (or a contra deferred tax asset) on the consolidated balance sheet for
uncertain tax positions taken (or expected to be taken) on a tax return. As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, approximately $61.9 million and
$51.8 million, respectively, of gross unrecognized tax benefits would impact the Company’s effective tax rate. As of February 27, 2021 and February 29,
2020, the liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits included approximately $8.1 million and $9.6 million, respectively, of accrued interest. The Company
recognizes interest & penalties for unrecognized tax benefits, as applicable, in income tax expense. The Company recorded a decrease to accrued interest of
approximately $1.5 million for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021 and an increase of approximately $1.3 million for the fiscal year ended February 29,
2020 for gross unrecognized tax benefits in the consolidated statement of earnings.
The Company anticipates that any adjustments to gross unrecognized tax benefits which will impact income tax expense, due to the expiration of statutes of
limitations, could be approximately $3.2 million in the next twelve months. However, actual results could differ from those currently anticipated.
As of February 27, 2021, the Company operated in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Canada and several other international countries and
files income tax returns in the United States and various state, local and international jurisdictions. The Company is currently under examination by the
Internal Revenue Service for the tax year 2017. The Company is open to examination for state, foreign and local jurisdictions with varying statutes of
limitations, generally ranging from 3 to 5 years.
The following table summarizes the reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the federal statutory rate:
FISCAL YEAR ENDED
February 27, 2021 February 29, 2020 March 2, 2019
Federal statutory rate
State income tax rate, net of federal impact
Uncertain tax positions
Impact of the Tax Act
Goodwill non-deductible impairment charges
Tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation
Tax credits
CARES Act
Valuation Allowance
Other

21.00 %
3.94
1.63
—
—
(3.18)
0.41
35.98
(7.74)
3.13
55.17 %

56

21.00 %
4.28
1.33
—
(4.84)
(3.07)
0.49
—
—
0.56
19.75 %

21.00 %
(1.38)
7.24
2.70
(18.64)
(6.48)
4.53
—
—
3.41
12.38 %

Table of Contents

9. TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
In fiscal 2002, the Company had an interest in certain life insurance policies on the lives of its Co-Founders and their spouses. The Company’s interest in
these policies was equivalent to the net premiums paid by the Company. The agreements relating to the Company’s interest in the life insurance policies on
the lives of its Co-Founders and their spouses were terminated in fiscal 2003. Upon termination in fiscal 2003, the Co-Founders paid to the Company $5.4
million, representing the total amount of premiums paid by the Company under the agreements and the Company was released from its contractual
obligation to make substantial future premium payments. In order to confer a benefit to its Co-Founders in substitution for the aforementioned terminated
agreements, as of February 27, 2004, the Company agreed to pay to the Co-Founders, at a future date, an aggregate amount of $4.2 million, which was
included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of February 29, 2020. During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company paid the CoFounders this amount in accordance with the terms of the prior agreements entered into as of February 27, 2004. The Company has no further obligations
to Messrs. Eisenberg or Feinstein in respect of the aforementioned agreements
On April 21, 2019, Warren Eisenberg and Leonard Feinstein transitioned to the role of Co-Founders and Co-Chairmen Emeriti of the Board of Directors of
the Company. As a result of this transition, Messrs. Eisenberg and Feinstein ceased to be officers of the Company effective as of April 21, 2019, and
became entitled to the payments and benefits provided under their employment agreements that apply in the case of termination without cause, which
generally include continued senior status payments until May 2027 and continued participation for Co-Founders (and their spouses, if applicable) at the
Company’s expense in employee plans and programs. In addition, the Co-Founders remain entitled to supplemental pension payments specified in their
employment agreements of $200,000 per year (as adjusted for a cost of living increase), until the death of the survivor of the applicable Co-Founder and his
spouse, reduced by the continued senior status payments referenced above.
Pursuant to their respective restricted stock and performance stock unit agreements, shares of restricted stock and performance-based stock units granted to
Messrs. Eisenberg and Feinstein vested upon their resignation as members of the Board of Directors effective May 1, 2019, subject, however, to attainment
of any applicable performance goals and the certification of the applicable performance-based tests by the Compensation Committee, as provided under
their award agreements.
10. LEASES
The Company leases retail stores, as well as distribution facilities, offices and equipment, under agreements expiring at various dates through 2041. The
leases provide for original lease terms that generally range from 10 to 15 years and most leases provide for a series of five year renewal options, often at
increased rents, the exercise of which is at the Company's sole discretion. Certain leases provide for contingent rents (which are based upon store sales
exceeding stipulated amounts and are immaterial in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018), scheduled rent increases and renewal options. The Company is obligated
under a majority of the leases to pay for taxes, insurance and common area maintenance charges.
The Company subleases certain real estate to unrelated third parties, which have all been classified as operating leases. The Company recognizes sublease
income on a straight-line basis over the sublease term, which generally ranges from 5 to 10 years. Most sublease arrangements provide for a series of five
year renewal options, the exercise of which are at the Company's sole discretion.
Similar to other retailers, during the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, the Company has withheld portions of and/or delayed payments to certain
landlords as the Company seeks to renegotiate payment terms, in order to further maintain liquidity given the temporary store closures. In some instances,
the renegotiations have led to agreements with landlords for rent abatements or rental deferrals. Total payments withheld and/or delayed or deferred as of
February 27, 2021 were approximately $9.6 million and are included in current liabilities. Additional negotiations of payment terms are still in process.
In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s recent Staff Q&A regarding rent concessions related to the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic, the Company has elected to account for the concessions agreed to by landlords that do not result in a substantial increase in the rights of the
lessor or the obligations of the lessee as though enforceable rights and obligations for those concessions existed in the original lease agreements and the
Company has elected to not remeasure the related lease liabilities and right-of-use assets. For qualifying rent abatement concessions, the Company has
recorded negative lease expense for the amount of the concession during the period of relief, and for qualifying deferrals of rental payments, the Company
has recognized a non-interest bearing payable in lieu of recognizing a decrease in cash for the lease payment that would have been made based on the
original terms of the lease agreement, which will be reduced when the deferred payment is made in the future. During the fiscal year ended February 27,
2021, the Company recognized reduced rent expense of $10.3 million related to rent abatement concessions.

57

Table of Contents

The components of total lease cost for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020 were as follows:
Fiscal year ended
(in thousands)
Statement of Operations Location
February 27, 2021
Operating lease cost
Cost of sales and SG&A
$
582,168 $
Finance lease cost:
Depreciation of property
SG&A
2,500
Interest on lease liabilities
Interest expense, net
7,755
Variable lease cost
Cost of sales and SG&A
189,485
Sublease income
SG&A
(12,574)
$
769,334
$
Total lease cost

Fiscal Year Ended
February 29, 2020
581,061
2,591
8,927
203,526
(1,112)
794,993

As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, assets and liabilities related to the Company's operating and finance leases were as follows:
(in thousands)
Assets
Operating leases
Finance leases

Consolidated Balance Sheet Location
Operating lease assets
Property and equipment, net

$
$

Total Lease assets
Liabilities
Current:
Operating leases
Finance leases
Noncurrent:
Operating leases
Finance leases

February 27, 2021

Current operating lease liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

$

Operating lease liabilities
Other liabilities
$

Total lease liabilities

February 29, 2020

1,587,101 $
—
1,587,101 $

2,006,966
69,287
2,076,253

360,061 $
—

463,005
1,541

1,509,767
—
1,869,828 $

1,818,783
102,412
2,385,741

As of February 27, 2021, the Company's lease liabilities mature as follows:
(in thousands)
Fiscal Year:
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Thereafter
Total lease payments
Less imputed interest

Operating Leases
$

$
$
$

Present value of lease liabilities

462,703
409,076
338,706
282,472
219,807
617,804
2,330,568
(460,740)
1,869,828

As of February 27, 2021, the Company has entered into leases which have not yet commenced for two new or relocated locations planned for opening in
fiscal 2021, for which aggregate minimum rental payments over the term of the leases are approximately $7.7 million.

58

Table of Contents

The Company's lease terms and discount rates were as follows:
February 27, 2021
Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)
Operating leases
Finance leases
Weighted-average discount rate
Operating leases
Finance leases

February 29, 2020
6.8

6.6
25.7

6.4 %
—%

6.2 %
9.0 %

—

Other information with respect to the Company's leases is as follows:
(in thousands)
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities
Operating cash flows from operating leases
Operating cash flows from finance leases
Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

Fiscal year ended February Fiscal Year Ended February
27, 2021
29, 2020
$

646,981 $
9,295
305,614

580,030
10,401
548,856

During December 2019, the Company completed a sale-leaseback transaction on approximately 2.1 million square feet of owned real estate, which
generated approximately $267.3 million in proceeds. As a result of the transaction, the Company recorded a loss, including transaction costs of
approximately $5.7 million, of approximately $33.1 million which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement
of operations for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2020. All leases entered into as a result of the sale-leaseback transaction were classified as operating
leases. For certain assets included in the transaction, the Company determined that the fair value of the assets was less than the consideration received. As a
result, the Company recognized a financing obligation in the amount of $14.5 million, for the additional financing obtained from the buyer. As of
February 27, 2021, the financing obligation amounted to $13.8 million, of which $0.7 million is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities,
and $13.1 million is included in other liabilities, in the consolidated balance sheets.
11. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
Defined Contribution Plans
The Company has three defined contribution savings plans covering all eligible employees of the Company (the "Plans"). Participants of the Plans may
defer annual pre-tax compensation subject to statutory and Plan limitations. In addition, a certain percentage of an employee’s contributions are matched by
the Company and vest over a specified period of time, subject to certain statutory and Plan limitations. The Company’s match was approximately $10.6
million, $13.7 million, and $15.5 million for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which was expensed as incurred.
Defined Benefit Plan
The Company has a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan for the CTS employees, hired on or before July 31, 2003, who meet specified age and
length-of-service requirements. The benefits are based on years of service and the participating employee’s compensation up until retirement. The
Company recognizes the overfunded or underfunded status of the pension plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position and recognizes
changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur. For the years ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020 and March 2, 2019, the net
periodic pension cost was not material to the Company’s results of operations. As of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the Company had liabilities
of $3.6 million and $3.2 million, respectively, which are included in other liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. In addition, as of
February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the Company recognized a loss of $8.4 million, net of taxes of $3.0 million, and a loss of $8.5 million, net of
taxes of $3.0 million, respectively, within accumulated other comprehensive loss.
The Company remained liable for this plan upon its divestiture of CTS during fiscal 2020 and is in the process of terminating this plan. During the year
ended February 27, 2021, the Company released $2.1 million from other comprehensive income in connection with the partial settlement of the plan in
December 2020, which is recorded within loss on sale of businesses, including impairment of assets held for sale, in the consolidated statements of
operations.

59

Table of Contents

12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
A putative securities class action was filed on April 14, 2020 against the Company and three of its officers and/or directors (Mark Tritton, Mary Winston
(the Company’s former Interim Chief Executive Officer) and Robyn D’Elia (the Company’s former Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer)) in the United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey (the "New Jersey federal court"). The case, which is captioned Vitiello v. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., et al.,
Case No. 2:20-cv-04240-MCA-MAH, asserts claims under §§ 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") on behalf of a
putative class of purchasers of the Company’s securities from October 2, 2019 through February 11, 2020. The Complaint alleges that certain of the
Company’s disclosures about financial performance and certain other public statements during the putative class period were materially false or misleading.
A similar putative securities class action, asserting the same claims on behalf of the same putative class against the same defendants, was filed on April 30,
2020. That case, captioned Kirkland v. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., et al., Case No. 1:20-cv-05339-MCA-MAH, is also pending in the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey. On August 14, 2020, the court consolidated the two cases and appointed Kavin Bakhda as lead plaintiff pursuant to the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Lead plaintiff and additional named plaintiff Richard Lipka filed an Amended Class Action Complaint on
October 20, 2020, on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of the Company’s securities from September 4, 2019 through February 11, 2020. Defendants
moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint on December 21, 2020.
On July 10, 2020, the first of three related shareholder derivative actions was filed in the New Jersey federal court on behalf of the Company against
various present and former directors and officers. The case, which is captioned Salu v. Tritton, et al., Case No. 2:20-cv-08673-MCA-MAH (D.N.J.), asserts
claims under §§ 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets under state law
arising from the events underlying the securities class actions described above and from the Company’s repurchases of its own shares during the class
period pled in the securities cases. The two other derivative actions, which assert similar claims, are captioned Grooms v. Tritton, et al., Case No. 2:20-cv09610-SDW-RDW (D.N.J.) (filed July 29, 2020), and Mantia v. Fleming, et al., Case No. 2:20-cv-09763-MCA-MAH (D.N.J.) (filed July 31, 2020). On
August 5, 2020, the court signed a stipulation by the parties in the Salu case to stay that action pending disposition of a motion to dismiss in the securities
class action, subject to various terms outlined in the stipulation. The parties in all three derivative cases have moved to consolidate them and to apply the
Salu stay of proceedings to all three actions. The court granted the motion on October 14, 2020.
On August 28, 2020, another related shareholder derivative action, captioned Schneider v. Tritton, et al., Index No 516051/2020, was filed in the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, County of Kings. The claims pled in the Schneider case are similar to those pled in the three federal derivative cases,
except that the Schneider complaint does not plead claims under the Exchange Act. On September 21, 2020, the parties filed a stipulation seeking to stay
that action pending disposition of a motion to dismiss in the securities class action, subject to various terms and conditions.
At this time, the Company is unable to estimate any potential losses that may be incurred and has not recorded a liability for the above matters.
The District Attorney's office for the County of Ventura, together with District Attorneys for other counties in California (together, the "District
Attorneys"), recently concluded an investigation regarding the management and disposal at the Company’s stores in California of certain materials that may
be deemed hazardous or universal waste under California law. On March 19, 2019, the District Attorneys provided the Company with a settlement demand
that included a proposed civil penalty, reimbursement of investigation costs, and certain injunctive relief, including modifications to the Company’s
existing compliance program, which already includes associate training, on-going review of disposal rules applicable to various product categories, and
specialized third-party disposal. During fiscal 2020, the Company and the District Attorneys agreed to final terms on a settlement payment of
approximately $1.5 million to resolve the matter. The Company has also agreed to spend $171,000 over the next 36 months on refinements to its
compliance program. The Company and District Attorneys executed a Stipulated Judgment to this effect, which was recently filed with the court. As of
February 29, 2020, the Company had recorded an accrual for the estimated probable loss for this matter, and the Company made the related settlement
payment during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.
On April 21, 2019, Warren Eisenberg and Leonard Feinstein transitioned to the role of Co-Founders and Co-Chairmen Emeriti of the Board of Directors of
the Company. As a result of this transition, Mr. Eisenberg and Mr. Feinstein ceased to be officers of the Company effective as of April 21, 2019, and
became entitled to the payments and benefits provided under their employment agreements that apply in the case of a termination without cause, which
generally include continued senior status payments until May 2027 and continued participation for the Co-Founders (and their spouses, if applicable) at the
Company’s expense in employee plans and programs. In addition, the Co-Founders remain entitled to supplemental pension payments specified in their

60

Table of Contents

employment agreements of $200,000 per year (as adjusted for a cost of living increase), until the death of the survivor of the applicable Co-Founder and his
spouse, reduced by the continued senior status payments referenced above.
Pursuant to their respective restricted stock and performance stock unit agreements, shares of restricted stock and performance-based stock units granted to
Messrs. Eisenberg and Feinstein vested upon their resignation as members of the Board of Directors effective May 1, 2019, subject, however, to attainment
of any applicable performance goals and the certification of the applicable performance-based tests by the Compensation Committee, as provided under
their award agreements.
The Company’s former Chief Executive Officer ("Former CEO") departed the Company effective as of May 12, 2019. In accordance with the terms of the
Former CEO's employment and equity award agreements, the Former CEO was entitled to three times his then-current salary, payable over three years in
normal payroll installments, except that any amount due prior to the six months after his departure, was paid in a lump sum after such six-month period.
Such amounts will be reduced by any compensation earned with any subsequent employer or otherwise and will be subject to the Former CEO's
compliance with a one-year non-competition and non-solicitation covenant. On October 21, 2019, the Former CEO entered into an agreement (the "Former
CEO PSU settlement agreement") with the Company to reduce the PSUs held by him by an excess amount of outstanding PSUs granted to the Former CEO
in the Company’s 2018 fiscal year as a result of the use of the fiscal 2017 peer group in lieu of the fiscal 2018 peer group. Further, as a result of this
departure, the time-vesting component of the Former CEO's stock-based awards accelerated, including (i) stock options (which were "underwater" and
expired without having been exercised by the Former CEO), (ii) PSU awards which had previously met the related performance-based test, had been
certified by the Compensation Committee, and remained subject solely to time-vesting, and (iii) PSU awards (assuming target level of performance) which
remain subject to attainment of any performance goals and the certification of the applicable performance-based tests by the Compensation Committee, as
provided under his award agreements and subject to the terms of the Former CEO PSU settlement agreement.
The Former CEO was also party to a supplemental executive retirement benefit agreement ("SERP") and a related escrow agreement, pursuant to which the
Former CEO was entitled to receive a supplemental retirement benefit as a result of the separation from service from the Company. Pursuant to the SERP,
as a result of the separation from service with the Company as of May 12, 2019 being treated as a termination without cause, the Former CEO was entitled
to a lump sum payment equal to the present value of an annual amount equal to 50% of the Former CEO's annual base salary on the date of termination of
employment if such annual amount were paid for a period of 10 years in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices, subject to the Former
CEO's timely execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in favor of the Company (which occurred). This amount was paid on November 13,
2019, the first business day following the six-month anniversary of the Former CEO's termination of service. The Company has no further obligations to
the Former CEO under the SERP.
During fiscal 2019, the Company expensed pre-tax charges related to both the transition of Messrs. Eisenberg and Feinstein to the role of Co-Founders and
Co-Chairmen Emeriti of the Board of Directors of the Company and the departure of the Former CEO of approximately $36.8 million.
In addition, the Company maintains employment agreements with other executives which provide for severance pay.
The Company records an estimated liability related to its various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business when and to the extent
that it concludes a liability is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Such estimated loss is based on available information and
advice from outside counsel, where appropriate. As additional information becomes available, the Company reassesses the potential liability related to
claims and legal actions and revises its estimated liabilities, as appropriate. The Company expects the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The Company also cannot predict the nature and
validity of claims which could be asserted in the future, and future claims could have a material impact on its earnings.
13. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
The Company paid income taxes of $4.8 million, $44.8 million, and $61.3 million in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. In addition, the Company
had interest payments of approximately $75.5 million, $81.2 million, and $81.4 million in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
The Company recorded an accrual for capital expenditures of $44.6 million, $36.9 million, and $51.7 million as of February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020
and March 2, 2019, respectively. In addition, the Company recorded an accrual for dividends payable of $2.1 million, $26.4 million, $28.3 million as of
February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020, and March 2, 2019 respectively. In fiscal 2018, the Company recorded a $31.1 million note receivable in connection
with the sale of a building.

61

Table of Contents

14. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
The Company measures all stock-based compensation awards for employees and non-employee directors using a fair value method and records such
expense, net of estimated forfeitures, in its consolidated financial statements. Currently, the Company’s stock-based compensation relates to restricted stock
awards, stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units. The Company’s restricted stock awards are considered nonvested share awards.
Stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020 and March 2, 2019 was approximately $31.6 million
($14.1 million after tax or $0.12 per diluted share), $45.7 million ($36.7 million after tax or $0.29 per diluted share), and approximately $58.5 million
($51.3 million after tax or $0.38 per diluted share), respectively. In addition, the amount of stock-based compensation cost capitalized for the years ended
February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020 was approximately $0.8 million and $0.5 million, respectively.
Incentive Compensation Plans
The Company may grant awards under the Bed Bath & Beyond 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2018 Plan") and the Bed Bath & Beyond 2012
Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2012 Plan"). The 2018 Plan includes an aggregate of 4.6 million shares of common stock authorized for issuance of
awards permitted under the 2018 Plan, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, performance awards and other stock
based awards. The 2018 Plan supplements the 2012 Plan, which amended and restated the Bed Bath & Beyond 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan (the
"2004 Plan"). The 2012 Plan includes an aggregate of 43.2 million common shares authorized for issuance of awards permitted under the 2012 Plan
(similar to the 2018 Plan). Outstanding awards that were covered by the 2004 Plan continue to be in effect under the 2012 Plan.
The terms of the 2012 Plan and the 2018 Plan are substantially similar and enable the Company to offer incentive compensation through stock options
(whether nonqualified stock options or incentive stock options), restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other stock
based awards, and cash-based awards. Grants are determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company for those awards
granted to executive officers, and by the Board of Directors of the Company for awards granted to non-employee directors. Stock option grants generally
become exercisable in either three or five equal annual installments beginning one year from the date of grant, subject, in general, to the recipient
remaining in the Company’s service on specified vesting dates. Restricted stock awards generally become vested in five to seven equal annual installments
beginning one to three years from the date of grant, subject, in general, to the recipient remaining in the Company’s service on specified vesting dates.
Performance stock units generally vest over a period of three to four years from the date of grant dependent on the Company’s achievement of
performance-based tests and subject, in general, to the executive remaining in the Company’s service on specified vesting dates.
The Company generally issues new shares for stock option exercises, restricted stock awards and vesting of restricted stock units and performance stock
units. The 2018 Plan expires in May 2028. The 2012 Plan expires in May 2022.
As described in further detail below, in fiscal 2020 and 2019, the Company granted stock-based awards to certain of the Company’s new executive officers
as inducements material to their commencement of employment and entry into an employment agreement with the Company. The inducement awards were
made in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and were not made under the 2012 Plan or the 2018 Plan.
Stock Options
Stock option grants were issued at fair market value on the date of grant and generally became exercisable in either three or five equal annual installments
beginning one year from the date of grant, subject, in general, to the recipient remaining in the Company’s service on specified vesting dates. Option grants
expired eight years after the date of grant. All option grants were nonqualified. During the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, the remaining 822,633
options outstanding were forfeited and there were no options outstanding as of February 27, 2021.
For the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021, no stock options were granted. For stock options granted in fiscal 2019 and 2018, the fair value of these stock
options granted were estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model that used the assumptions noted in the table below. The
weighted average fair value for the stock options granted in fiscal 2019 and 2018 were $4.18 and $4.31, respectively.

62

Table of Contents

Fiscal Year Ended
February 29, 2020
March 2, 2019
7.6
6.7
39.41 %
34.96 %
2.39 %
2.92 %
4.34 %
3.80 %

Black-Scholes Valuation Assumptions (1)
Weighted Average Expected Life (in years) (2)
Weighted Average Expected Volatility (3)
Weighted Average Risk Free Interest Rates (4)
Expected Dividend Yield (5)
________________________
(1)

Forfeitures were estimated based on historical experience.

(2)

The expected life of stock options was estimated based on historical experience.

(3)

Expected volatility was based on the average of historical and implied volatility. The historical volatility was determined by observing actual prices of
the Company’s stock over a period commensurate with the expected life of the awards. The implied volatility represented the implied volatility of the
Company’s call options, which were actively traded on multiple exchanges, had remaining maturities in excess of twelve months, had market prices close
to the exercise prices of the employee stock options and were measured on the stock option grant date.

(4)

Based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate whose term was consistent with the expected life of the stock options.

(5)

Expected dividend yield was estimated based on anticipated dividend payouts.

No stock options were exercised during fiscal 2020 and 2018. The total intrinsic value for stock options exercised during fiscal 2019 was $0.1 million.
Restricted Stock
Restricted stock awards are issued and measured at fair market value on the date of grant and generally become vested in five to seven equal annual
installments beginning one to three years from the date of grant, subject, in general, to the recipient remaining in the Company’s service on specified
vesting dates. Vesting of restricted stock is based solely on time vesting. As of February 27, 2021, unrecognized compensation expense related to the
unvested portion of the Company’s restricted stock awards was $20.4 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9
years.
Changes in the Company’s restricted stock awards for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021 were as follows:
Number of
Restricted Shares
2,445 $
95
(706)
(899)
935 $

(Shares in thousands)
Unvested restricted stock awards, beginning of period
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Unvested restricted stock awards, end of period

Weighted Average
Grant-Date Fair
Value
35.50
8.09
37.49
32.25
34.34

Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs")
RSUs are issued and measured at fair market value on the date of grant and generally become vested in one to three equal annual installments beginning
one year from the date of grant, subject, in general, to the recipient remaining in the Company’s service on specified vesting dates. RSUs are converted into
shares of common stock upon vesting. As of February 27, 2021, unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company’s
RSUs was $25.9 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.5 years.

63

Table of Contents

Changes in the Company’s RSUs for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021 were as follows:
Number of Restricted
Stock Units
— $
2,316
(19)
(27)
2,270 $

(Shares in thousands)
Unvested restricted stock units, beginning of period
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Unvested restricted stock units, end of period

Weighted Average
Grant-Date Fair
Value
—
14.23
23.58
23.58
14.04

Performance Stock Units ("PSUs")
PSUs are issued and measured at fair market value on the date of grant. Vesting of PSUs awarded to certain of the Company’s executives is dependent on
the Company’s achievement of a performance-based test during a one-year period from the date of grant and during a three-year period from the date of
grant and, assuming achievement of the performance-based test, time vesting over periods of up to four years, subject, in general, to the executive
remaining in the Company’s service on specified vesting dates. For PSUs granted in fiscal 2019, performance during the one-year period is based on
Earnings Before Interest and Taxes ("EBIT") relative to a target amount and performance during the three-year period is based on a combination of total
shareholder return relative to a peer group of the Company and cumulative EBIT relative to a target amount. The achievement of PSU awards ranges from
a floor of zero to a cap of 150% of target achievement. For awards granted in fiscal 2018 and prior, performance during the three-year period were based on
Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC") or a combination of EBIT margin and ROIC relative to a peer group. PSUs are converted into shares of common
stock upon payment following vesting. Upon grant of the PSUs, the Company recognizes compensation expense related to these awards based on the
Company’s estimate of the percentage of the award that will be achieved. The Company evaluates the estimate on these awards on a quarterly basis and
adjusts compensation expense related to these awards, as appropriate. As of February 27, 2021, unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested
portion of the Company’s performance stock units was $6.4 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years.
The fair value of the PSUs granted in fiscal 2020 for which performance during the three-year period will be based on a relative three-year Total
Shareholder Return ("TSR") goal relative to a peer group was estimated on the date of the grant using a Monte Carlo simulation that uses the assumptions
noted in the following table.
Fiscal Year Ended
February 27, 2021
0.25 %
—%
51.47 %
3 years

Monte Carlo Simulation Assumptions
Risk Free Interest Rate
Expected Dividend Yield
Expected Volatility
Expected Term
Changes in the Company’s PSUs for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021 were as follows:

Number of
Weighted Average
Performance Stock
Grant-Date Fair
Units
Value
1,414 $
21.57
653
12.28
(343)
37.50
(249)
17.96
1,475 $
14.36

(Shares in thousands)
Unvested performance stock units, beginning of period
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Unvested performance stock units, end of period

64

Table of Contents

Inducement Awards
In fiscal 2020 and 2019, the Company granted stock-based awards to certain of the Company’s new executive officers as inducements material to their
commencement of employment and entry into an employment agreement with the Company. These inducement awards were approved by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and did not require shareholder approval in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule
5635(c)(4).
RSUs granted as inducement awards are issued and measured at fair market value on the date of grant and generally become vested in one to three equal
annual installments beginning one year from the date of grant, subject, in general, to the recipient remaining in the Company’s service on specified vesting
dates. Changes in the RSUs granted as inducement awards for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021 were as follows:

Number of Restricted
Stock Units
579
816
(446)
—
949

(Shares in thousands)
Unvested restricted stock units, beginning of period
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Unvested restricted stock units, end of period

Weighted Average
Grant-Date Fair
Value
$
13.65
6.33
13.65
—
$
7.36

On November 4, 2019, in connection with the appointment of the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, the Company granted inducement
awards consisting of 578,753 RSUs, which are included in the table above, and 273,735 PSU awards. The PSUs will vest, if at all, on November 4, 2021,
based on performance goals requiring the President and CEO to prepare and deliver to the Board of Directors key objectives and goals for the Company
and the strategies and initiatives for the achievement of such objectives and goals, and the President and CEO's provision of updates to the Board of
Directors regarding achievement of such goals and objectives, and subject, in general, to the President and CEO remaining in the Company’s service
through the vesting date.
During fiscal 2020, the Company granted 143,912 RSUs to Gustavo Arnal, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; 160,255 RSUs to Cindy
Davis, Chief Brand Officer and President, Decorist; and 511,991 RSUs to John Hartmann, Chief Operating Officer and President, buybuyBABY, pursuant
to inducement awards agreements.
Other than with respect to the vesting schedule described above, these inducement awards are generally subject to substantially the same terms and
conditions as awards that are made under the 2018 Plan. As of February 27, 2021, unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of
the RSU and PSU inducement awards was $4.1 million and $1.3 million, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of 2.0 years and 0.7 years, respectively. Consistent with the Company’s stock ownership guidelines, each inducement award recipient must hold at least
fifty percent (50%) of the after-tax shares of common stock received pursuant to the inducement awards until they have satisfied the terms of such
guidelines.
15. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE AND DIVESTITURES
Assets Held for Sale
The Company has included businesses classified as held for sale within its continuing operations as their dispositions do not represent a strategic shift that
will have a major effect on the Company’s operations and financial results.
At February 29, 2020, certain assets and liabilities of Personalization Mall.com ("PMall") and One Kings Lane ("OKL") were classified as held for sale on
the Company's consolidated balance sheet. PMall and OKL were sold during fiscal 2020, as further described below.

65

Table of Contents

Divestitures
On December 14, 2020, the Company announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Cost Plus World Market to Kingswood Capital
Management, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm. On January 15, 2021, the Company completed the sale of Cost Plus World Market. Proceeds from
the sale were approximately $63.7 million, subject to certain working capital and other adjustments. The Company recognized a loss on sale of
approximately $72.0 million within loss on sale of businesses including impairment of assets held for sale in its consolidated statements of operations for
the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021. The loss on sale includes a loss of $54.0 million recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 to remeasure the
disposal group that was classified as held for sale to the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell.
On October 11, 2020, the Company entered into definitive agreements to sell Christmas Tree Shops ("CTS") to Handil Holdings LLC and to sell one of the
CTS distribution facilities to an institutional buyer, with a leaseback term of nine months, to provide business continuity to the Company for some of its
operations currently using the facility. These transactions were completed during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, generating approximately $233.3 million
in proceeds, subject to certain working capital and other adjustments, and the Company recognized a loss on sale of approximately $53.8 million, which
was recorded in loss on sale of businesses including impairment of assets held for sale in its consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended
February 27, 2021.
On October 11, 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell Linen Holdings to The Linen Group, LLC, an affiliate of Lion Equity
Partners. On October 24, 2020, the Company completed the sale of Linen Holdings for approximately $10.1 million, subject to certain working capital and
other adjustments, and recognized a loss on the sale of $64.6 million, which was recorded in loss on sale of businesses including impairment of assets held
for sale in its consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended February 27, 2021.
On February 14, 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell PMall to 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. for $252.0 million, subject to certain
working capital and other adjustments. The buyer was required to close the transaction on March 30, 2020, but failed to do so. Accordingly, the Company
had filed an action to require the buyer to close the transaction. On July 20, 2020, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with respect to the
litigation. Under this agreement, 1-800-FLOWERS.COM agreed to move forward with its purchase of PMall from the Company for $245.0 million, subject
to certain working capital and other adjustments. The transaction closed on August 3, 2020. Net proceeds from the sale of PMall were $244.6 million,
subject to certain working capital and other adjustments, and the Company recognized a gain on the sale of approximately $189.3 million, which was
recorded in loss on sale of businesses including impairment of assets held for sale in its consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended
February 27, 2021. Upon the close of the transaction, Bed Bath & Beyond withdrew the litigation against 1-800-FLOWERS.COM and 800FLOWERS, INC.
On April 13, 2020, the Company completed the sale of OKL. Proceeds from the sale were not material.

66

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.:
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of February 27, 2021 and
February 29, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
three year period ended February 27, 2021 and the related notes and financial statement schedule (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 27, 2021 and
February 29, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended February 27, 2021, in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of February 27, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated April 22, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases as of March 3, 2019 due to the
adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 842, Leases.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not
alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Assessment of impairment of store-level long-lived assets
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may exceed their current fair values. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured
by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount
of the asset exceeds the

67

Table of Contents

fair value of the assets. Based upon the analysis performed, the Company recognized pre-tax impairment charges for store-level long-lived assets of
$92.9 million in fiscal 2020.
We identified the assessment of impairment of store-level long-lived assets as a critical audit matter. Specifically, complex auditor judgment was
required to assess the sales growth rates used to estimate the forecasted cash flows as they involve a high degree of subjectivity. In determining the fair
value of certain store-level long-lived assets, specialized knowledge was required to assess the Company’s assumption of market rental rates from sublessors.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating
effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s store-level impairment assessment process, including controls related to the assumptions
described above. We evaluated the sales growth rates by comparing to historical results, the Company’s future operating plans, and industry reports.
We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the market rental rates for certain stores by
comparing the sublease income to an independently developed range using publicly available market data for comparable store sites.
/s/ KPMG LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1992.
Short Hills, New Jersey
April 22, 2021

68

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.:
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of February 27, 2021, based on
criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 27, 2021,
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated
balance sheets of the Company as of February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss,
shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 27, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement
schedule (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated April 22, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated
financial statements.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Short Hills, New Jersey
April 22, 2021

69

Table of Contents

ITEM 9 – CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.

ITEM 9A – CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of February 27, 2021, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective to ensure that
the information required to be disclosed by our management in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide such
reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level.
(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
February 27, 2021. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission ("COSO"), released in 2013, Internal Control-Integrated Framework.
Our management has concluded that, as of February 27, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria.
(c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
KPMG LLP issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein.
(d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended February 27, 2021 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B – OTHER INFORMATION
None.

70

Table of Contents

PART III
ITEM 10 – DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
(a) Directors of the Company
Information relating to the Directors of the Company is set forth under the section captioned "Our Board of Directors and Corporate Governance" in the
registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Proxy Statement") and is incorporated herein by reference.
(b) Executive Officers of the Company
Information relating to the Executive Officers of the Company is set forth under the section captioned "Information About Our Executive Officers" in the
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
(c) Compliance with Section 16(a)
Information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is set forth under the section captioned "Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference, to the extent responsive disclosure is required.
(d) Audit Committee
Information on our audit committee and the audit committee financial expert is set forth under the section captioned "Audit Committee" in the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
(e) Code of Ethics
The Company has adopted a code of ethics entitled "Policy of Ethical Standards For Business Conduct" that applies to all of its employees, including
Executive Officers, and the Board of Directors, the complete text of which is available through the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website,
www.bedbathandbeyond.com. Amendments to, and waivers granted under, the Policy of Ethical Standards for Business Conduct, if any, will be posted to
the Company’s website.

ITEM 11 – EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by this item is set forth under the section captioned “Executive Compensation” in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein
by reference.

ITEM 12 – SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
The Equity Compensation Plan Information required by this item is included below; other information required by this item is set forth under the section
captioned "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Additional
information regarding our equity compensation plans appears in Note 1 and Note 14 to the Company's consolidated financial statements.

71

Table of Contents

The following table provides certain information as of February 27, 2021 with respect to the Company’s equity compensation plans:

Plan Category
Equity compensation plans approved by
shareholders (1)
Equity compensation plans not approved by
shareholders
Total

Number of securities to be
issued upon exercise
of outstanding options,
warrants and rights
(a)

Weighted-average exercise price
of
outstanding options, warrants
and rights
(b)

Number of securities remaining
available for future issuance
under equity compensation
plans (excluding securities
reflected in column (a))
(c)

4,482,327

(2) $

—

(3)

14,462,015

(4)

1,222,850
5,705,177

(5)
(2) $

—
—

(3)
(3)

20
14,462,035

(6)

(1) These plans consist of the Company’s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2012 Plan”), which amended and restated and assumed certain shares
under the 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2004 Plan”) and the Company’s 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2018 Plan”), which is
generally based on the terms of the 2012 Plan. No further shares of common stock will be issued or distributed under the 2004 Plan, and no equity-settled
awards are outstanding under the 2018 Plan as of February 27, 2021.
(2) This amount represents the number of underlying shares of common stock associated with outstanding performance stock units and restricted stock units
under shareholder approved plans and includes 2,211,916 shares that may be issued upon the vesting of performance stock units granted under the 2012
Incentive Compensation Plan and 2,270,411 shares that may be issued upon the vesting of restricted stock units granted under the 2012 Plan. The amount
of shares that may be issued upon the vesting of the performance stock units represents the estimated maximum number of shares that may be issued
upon the vesting of the performance stock units, however the actual number of shares that will be issued will depend on the achievement of performance
metrics. As of February 27, 2021, there are no outstanding equity-settled awards under the 2018 Plan.
(3) We have not indicated a weighted-average exercise price as no outstanding awards as of February 27, 2021 under the Company's equity plans, whether or
not approved by shareholders, have an exercise price.
(4) This amounts represents the aggregate amount of common stock available for future issuance under shareholder approved equity compensation plans and
is comprised of 9,862,015 shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2012 Plan and 4,600,000 shares of common stock available for
future issuance under the 2018 Plan.
Under the 2012 Plan and the 2018 Plan, any shares of common stock that are subject to equity-settled awards other than options or stock appreciation
rights, including restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units, shall be counted against the aggregate number of shares of
common stock that may be issued as 2.20 shares for every share granted. Shares of common stock underlying awards that may be settled solely in cash
are not deemed to use shares that may be issued under the 2018 Plan.
(5) This amount represents the number of underlying shares of common stock associated with 273,735 performance stock units and 949,115 restricted stock
units outstanding pursuant to inducement grants to certain executives of the Company.
(6) This amount represents 20 shares of common stock registered pursuant to an inducement award for the Company’s CEO, which were never granted.

ITEM 13 – CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this item is set forth under the sections captioned "Director Independence" and "Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14 – PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by this item is set forth under the sections captioned "Fees Paid to KPMG LLP for Services and Products" and "Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

72

Table of Contents

PART IV
ITEM 15 – EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) (1) Consolidated Financial Statements of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and subsidiaries are incorporated under Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
(a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules
For the Fiscal Years Ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020 and March 2, 2019.
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
(a) (3) Exhibits
Unless otherwise indicated, exhibits are incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibits to the Company’s Registration Statement on
Form S-1 (Commission File No. 33-47250).
Exhibit
No.

Exhibit

3.1**

Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as amended through June 30, 2009

3.2

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed
with the Commission on June 19, 2019)

4.1

Indenture, dated as of July 17, 2014, relating to the 3.749% senior unsecured notes due 2024, the 4.915% senior unsecured notes due 2034
and the 5.165% senior unsecured notes due 2044, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 17, 2014)

4.2

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 17, 2014, relating to the 3.749% senior unsecured notes due 2024, the 4.915% senior
unsecured notes due 2034 and the 5.165% senior unsecured notes due 2044, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 17, 2014)

4.3

Form of 3.749% senior unsecured notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the
Commission on July 17, 2014)

4.4

Form of 4.915% senior unsecured notes due 2034 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the
Commission on July 17, 2014)

4.5

Form of 5.165% senior unsecured notes due 2044 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the
Commission on July 17, 2014)

4.6**

Description of the registrant's securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

4.7

Credit Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2020, among Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., certain of the Company’s U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries
party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2020)

10.1*

Employment Agreement between the Company and Steven H. Temares (dated as of December 1, 1994) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 1998)

10.2*

Company’s 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Registrant’s Proxy Statement dated May 28,
2004)

10.3*

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Warren Eisenberg, dated as of December 31, 2008
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 29, 2008)

10.4*

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Leonard Feinstein, dated as of December 31, 2008
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 29, 2008)

73

Table of Contents

10.5*

Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. Policy on Recovery of Incentive Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 30, 2009)

10.6*

Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement of Steven H. Temares, Eugene A. Castagna, Matthew Fiorilli and Arthur Stark, dated
May, 2007 in the case of Messrs. Temares, Fiorilli and Stark, and July, 2007 in the case of Mr. Castagna (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 29, 2009)

10.7*

Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefit Agreement between the Company and Steven H. Temares, dated
November 16, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K dated November 19, 2009)

10.8*

Escrow Agreement with Respect to Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefit Agreement between the Company and Steven H. Temares,
dated November 16, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K dated November 19, 2009)

10.9*

Amendment dated as of August 13, 2010 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Warren Eisenberg,
dated as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 28,
2010)

10.10*

Amendment dated as of August 13, 2010 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Leonard
Feinstein, dated as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
August 28, 2010)

10.11*

Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed
with the Commission on June 26, 2012)

10.12*

Performance-Based Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to
the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended March 1, 2013)

10.13*

Notice of Amendment to Restricted Stock Agreements, dated on or before June 11, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the
Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended March 1, 2013)

10.14*

Letter agreement dated as of June 28, 2013 between the Company and Warren Eisenberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2013)

10.15*

Letter agreement dated as of June 28, 2013 between the Company and Leonard Feinstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2013)

10.16*

Amendment dated as of February 26, 2014 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Warren
Eisenberg, dated as of December 31, 2008, as previously amended as of June 29, 2010 and August 13, 2010 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2014)

10.17*

Amendment dated as of February 26, 2014 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Leonard
Feinstein, dated as of December 31, 2008, as previously amended as of June 29, 2010 and August 13, 2010 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2014)

10.18*

Form of Standard Performance Unit Agreement under 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 9, 2014)

10.19*

Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (effective 2016) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on July 6, 2016)

10.20*

Letter agreement dated February 7, 2017 between the Company and Warren Eisenberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 9, 2017)

10.21*

Letter agreement dated February 7, 2017 between the Company and Leonard Feinstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 9, 2017)

10.22*

Form of Standard Performance Stock Unit Agreement under 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (effective 2017) (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 30, 2017)

10.23*

Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (effective 2017) for Steven H. Temares
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on June 30, 2017)

10.24*

Amendment to Employment Agreement of Steven H. Temares, dated August 21, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the
Company's Form 10-K filed with the Commission on May 2, 2018)

74

Table of Contents

10.25*

Voluntary salary waiver between the Company and Steven H. Temares (dated as of May 14, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on July 6, 2018)

10.26*

Employment Agreement between the Company and Robyn M. D'Elia (dated as of June 4, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 5, 2018)

10.27*

Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed
with the Commission on June 29, 2018)

10.40
10.41 **
10.42 **
10.43 **
10.44 **

Form of Standard Performance Stock Unit Agreement under 2018 or 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 19, 2019)
Employment Agreement between the Company and Mark J. Tritton (dated as of October 6, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 10, 2019)
Sign-On Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and Mark J. Tritton (dated as of November 4, 2019) (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020))
Make-Whole Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and Mark J. Tritton (dated as of November 4, 2019) (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020)
Make-Whole Performance Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and Mark J. Tritton (dated as of November 4, 2019) (incorporate
by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020)
Cooperation and Support Agreement (dated as of May 28, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on June 3, 2019)
Employment Agreement between the Company and John Hartmann (dated April 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 21, 2020)
Employment Agreement between the Company and Gustavo Arnal (dated April 24, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 30, 2020)
Employment Agreement between the Company and Cindy Davis (dated April 30, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
Company’s Form S-8 filed with the Commission on May 26, 2020)
Make-Whole Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and John Hartmann (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the
Company's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 8, 2020)
Sign-On Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and Gustavo Arnal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
Company's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 8, 2020)
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. Short-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the
SEC on July 16, 2020)
Master Confirmation between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., dated October 28, 2020
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2020)
Employment Agreement between the Company and Joe Hartsig (dated March 4, 2020)
Make-Whole Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and Joe Hartsig (dated March 4, 2020)
Bed, Bath & Beyond, Inc. Compensation Recoupment Policy (dated as of January 2021)
Sign-On Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and Cindy Davis (dated May 26, 2020)

21**

Subsidiaries of the Company

23**

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

31.1**

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002

31.2**

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002

32**

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded
within the Inline XBRL document

10.28*
10.29*
10.30*
10.31*
10.32*
10.33
10.34 *
10.35*
10.36 *
10.37 *
10.38 *
10.39 *

75

Table of Contents

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

104

The cover page of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 27, 2021, formatted in Inline
XBRL (included within Exhibit 101 attachments)

______________________________
*
**

This is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
Filed herewith.

76

Table of Contents

ITEM 16 – FORM 10-K SUMMARY
None.

77

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
BED BATH & BEYOND INC.
By: /s/ Mark J. Tritton
Mark J. Tritton
Chief Executive Officer
April 22, 2021
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

78

Table of Contents

Signature

Capacity

Date

/s/ Mark J. Tritton
Mark J. Tritton

President and Chief Executive Officer
and Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Gustavo Arnal
Gustavo Arnal

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

April 22, 2021

/s/ Harriet Edelman
Harriet Edelman

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ John E. Fleming
John E. Fleming

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Sue E. Gove
Sue E. Gove

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Jeffrey A. Kirwan
Jeffrey A. Kirwan

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Johnathan B. (JB) Osborne
Johnathan B. (JB) Osborne

Director

April 22, 2021

s/ Harsha Ramalingam
Harsha Ramalingam

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Virginia P. Ruesterholz
Virginia P. Ruesterholz

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Joshua E. Schechter
Joshua E. Schechter

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Andrea Weiss
Andrea Weiss

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Mary A .Winston
Mary A. Winston

Director

April 22, 2021

/s/ Ann Yerger
Ann Yerger

Director

April 22, 2021

79

Table of Contents

Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and Subsidiaries
Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Fiscal Years Ended February 27, 2021, February 29, 2020 and March 2, 2019
(amounts in millions)
Column A

Column B
Balance at
Beginning of
Period

Description
Sales Returns and Allowance
Year Ended:
February 27, 2021
February 29, 2020
March 2, 2019

$

71.6
90.5
41.2

Column C
Additions Charged
to
Income

$

259.8
403.1
488.5

Column C
Additions Charged to
Other
Accounts

$

—
—
95.5 (1)

Column D

Column E

Adjustments
and/or Deductions

Balance at End of
Period

$

$

295.2
422.0
534.7

36.2
71.6
90.5

(1) Due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standard Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606).

80

Exhibit 3.1
CONFORMED COPY TO REFLECT AMENDMENTS MADE THROUGH JUNE 30, 2009
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
-ofBED BATH & BEYOND, INC.
(Under Section 402 of the Business Corporation Law.)
*****
FIRST: The name of the corporation is Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc.
SECOND: The purposes for which the corporation is formed is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized
under the Business Corporation Law, provided that the corporation may not engage in any act or activity requiring the consent or approval of any state
official, department, board, agency or other body without such consent or approval first being obtained.
For the accomplishment of the aforesaid purposes, and in furtherance thereof, the corporation shall have, and may exercise, all of the powers conferred by
the Business Corporation Law upon corporations formed thereunder, subject to any limitations contained in Article 2 of said law or in accordance with the
provisions of any other statute of the State of New York.
THIRD: The office of the corporation is to be located in the county of New York, State of New York.
FOURTH: (a) Authorized Classes of Stock: The total number of shares which the corporation shall have the authority to issue is 901,000,000, of
which 900,000,000 shares are designated Common Stock, par value $.01 per share (“Common Stock”), and 1,000,000 shares are designated Preferred
Stock, par value $.01 per share (“Preferred Stock”);
(b) Description of Preferred Stock: The Board of Directors is hereby authorized to issue the shares of the Preferred Stock from time to time in one or more
classes or series, each such class or series to have such rights, preferences and limitations as shall be determined by the Board of Directors in a resolution or
resolutions providing for the issue of such class or series of Preferred Stock, including, but not limited to, the determination of the following rights,
preferences and limitations:
(i) the rate of dividend;
(ii) whether shares can be redeemed or called and, if so, the redemption or call price and terms and conditions of redemption or call;
(iii) the amount payable upon shares in the event of dissolution, voluntary and involuntary liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the
corporation;
(iv) purchases, retirement or sinking fund provisions, if any, for the call, redemption or purchases of shares;
(v) the terms and conditions, if any, on which shares may be converted into Common Stock or any other securities;
(vi) whether or not shares have voting rights, and the extent of such voting rights, if any; and
(vii) whether shares shall be cumulative, noncumulative, or partially cumulative as to dividends and the dates from which any cumulative
dividends are to accumulate.
The Board of Directors shall determine the number of shares constituting each class or series of Preferred Stock and each series of a class shall have a
distinguishing designation.

FIFTH: No shareholder of this corporation shall, by reason of his holding of Common Stock, have any preemptive or preferential right to
purchase or subscribe to any shares of stock of this corporation now or hereafter authorized, or any notes, debentures, bonds or other securities convertible
into or carrying options, warrants or other rights to purchase shares now or hereafter authorized, whether or not the issuance of any such shares or such
notes, debentures, bonds or other securities would adversely affect the dividend rights of such shareholder, other than such rights, if any, as the Board of
Directors in its discretion, from time to time, may grant, and at such price as the Board of Directors in its discretion may fix; and the Board of Directors
may issue shares of stock of this corporation, or any notes, debentures, bonds or other securities convertible into or carrying options, warrants or other
rights to purchase shares of stock, without offering any such shares of stock or other securities or rights, either in whole or in part, to the existing
shareholders of the corporation.
SIXTH: The Secretary of State is designated as the agent of the corporation upon whom process against the corporation may be served, and the
address to which the Secretary of State shall mail a copy of any process against the corporation served upon him is Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., 650 Liberty
Avenue, Union, New Jersey 07083, Attention: Chairman.
SEVENTH: (a) The number of directors comprising the entire Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time in accordance with the specific
provisions of the By-laws of the Corporation.
(b) At each annual meeting of shareholders, directors shall be elected to hold office until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is elected
and qualified.
(c) The vote required for the election of directors by the shareholders shall be the affirmative vote of a “majority of votes cast” (as defined herein), unless
the election is contested, in which case directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes cast. An election shall be contested if, as of the record date (or such
later date as may be determined by the Board of Directors based on events occurring after the record date, but in no event later than the date the
Corporation files its definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission), the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to
be elected. A “majority of votes cast” means that the number of shares voted “for” a director exceeds the number of votes “withheld” or cast “against” that
director. Abstentions and broker non-votes shall not constitute votes cast or votes withheld.
EIGHTH: The affirmative vote of the shareholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast shall be required to (i) adopt a plan of
merger or consolidation in accordance with Section 903 of the Business Corporation Law, (ii) approve the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporation in accordance with Section 909 of the Business Corporation Law, (iii) approve a share exchange in accordance with Section
913 of the Business Corporation Law, (iv) dissolve in accordance with Section 1001 of the Business Corporation Law, or (v) act under any successor
provision to the foregoing provisions of the Business Corporation Law.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this ___ day of _____, _____.

Name:
Title:

Exhibit 4.6
DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT’S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (“Bed Bath” or the “Company”) has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended: the Company’s common stock, par value $.01 per share (“Common Stock).
Description of Common Stock
The following summary description sets forth some of the general terms and provisions of the Common Stock. Because this is a summary
description, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a more detailed description of the Company’s Common Stock, you
should refer to the provisions of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation (as amended, the “Certificate of Incorporation”) and the Company’s Amended
and Restated By-Laws (the “By-laws”), each of which is an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is an exhibit.
Authorized Capital Shares
Under the Certificate of Incorporation, Bed Bath’s capital stock consists of 900,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $.01 per share.
Common Stock
Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, and do not have
cumulative voting rights. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Company’s board of
directors (the “Board”) out of funds legally available therefor, and subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding preferred stock. Upon
the Company’s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably the Company’s net assets available after
the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to any liquidation preference of any then outstanding preferred stock. Holders of Common Stock
have no preemptive, subscription or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock.
The Board has the authority, subject to certain restrictions, without further shareholder approval, to issue, at any time and from time to time, up to
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Each such series shall have such number of shares, designations, preferences, voting powers,
qualifications and special or relative rights or privileges as shall be determined by the Board, which may include, among others, dividend rights, voting
rights, redemption and sinking fund provisions, liquidation preferences, conversion rights and preemptive rights, to the full extent now or hereafter
permitted by the laws of the State of New York.
The rights of the holders of Common Stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any preferred stock that
may be issued in the future. Such rights may include voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect the holders of the Common Stock.
Satisfaction of any dividend or liquidation preferences of outstanding preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available, if any, for the payment
of dividends or liquidation amounts on Common Stock. Holders of preferred stock would typically be entitled to receive a preference payment.
New York Law and Some By-Law Provisions
The By-laws contain certain provisions that might have the effect of deterring a hostile takeover attempt of the Company. These By-law provisions
have the following effects:
•

they provide that only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the By-laws shall be eligible for election as a
director of the Company, except as may be otherwise provided in the By-laws;

•

they provide that only business brought before the annual meeting by the Board or by a shareholder who complies with the procedures set forth in
the By-laws may be transacted at an annual meeting of shareholders;

•

they provide that only the chairman of the board, if any, the chief executive officer, the Board or, at the written request of record holders of at least
50% of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding shares, the secretary may call special meetings of the Company’s shareholders; and

•

they establish a procedure for the Board to fix the record date whenever shareholder action by written consent is undertaken.

Furthermore, the Company is subject to the provisions of Section 912 of the New York Business Corporation Law, an anti-takeover law. In
general, the statute prohibits a publicly held New York corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested shareholder” for a period
of five years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder, unless the business combination is approved in a
prescribed manner. For purposes of Section 912, a “business combination” includes a merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit
to the interested shareholder, and an “interested shareholder” is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within five years prior, did
own, 20% or more of the corporation’s voting stock.
Proxy Access Nominations
Under the By-laws, a shareholder (or a group of up to 20 shareholders) who has held at least 3% of the Common Stock for three years or more
may nominate a director and have that nominee included in the Company’s proxy materials, provided that the shareholder and nominee satisfy the
requirements specified in the By-laws. Any shareholder who intends to use these procedures to nominate a candidate for election to the Board for inclusion
in the Company’s proxy statement must satisfy the requirements specified in the By-laws.

Exhibit 10.41
EXECUTION COPY

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of February 26, 2020, is made by and between Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., a
New York corporation (the “Company”), and Joseph Hartsig (“Executive”). This Agreement shall govern the relationship between Executive and the
Company from and after March 4, 2020 (the “Start Date”).
WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, Executive is willing and able to be employed by the Company and desires to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals incorporated herein and the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby expressly acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
1. Retention and Duties.
(a) The Company hereby engages and employs Executive for the Term (as defined in Section 2) on the terms and conditions expressly set forth
in this Agreement. Executive hereby accepts and agrees to such engagement and employment, on the terms and conditions expressly set forth in this
Agreement.
(b)
During the Term, Executive shall serve as the Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer of the Company and President,
Harmon Face Values, and shall have such duties and responsibilities that are consistent with such positions. Executive shall report directly to the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). In addition, the CEO may from time to time, in his or her sole discretion, assign to the Executive such other
duties, authorities and responsibilities that are not inconsistent with the Executive’s position as the Chief Merchandising Officer of the Company and
President, Harmon Face Values, including without limitation, service as an officer and/or on the boards of directors and committees of one or more of the
Company’s subsidiaries, in each case, without additional compensation.
(c) Executive shall be located and perform his principal duties hereunder at the Company’s principal headquarters located in Union, New Jersey.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that he will be expected to establish a residence in the New York metropolitan area as soon as reasonably practicable
following the Start Date, but in no event later than six (6) months following the Start Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees and
acknowledges that significant travel may be part of the performance of his services hereunder.
(d) During the Term, Executive shall devote his entire working time, attention, and energies to the Company and shall not be engaged in any
other business activity, whether or not such business activity is pursued for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage, without the prior written consent of
the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”); provided, however, that the foregoing is not intended to restrict Executive’s ability to (i) serve on the
boards of civic or charitable organizations, or (ii) serve on the board of directors of Acosta, Inc., and, following the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of
the Start Date, on any other board with the prior written consent of the CEO (subject in any event to compliance with the Company’s Corporate
Governance Guidelines); provided, that the foregoing activities are not competitive with the business of the Company and do not interfere or conflict with
Executive’s duties and obligations on behalf of the Company or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict of interest. Executive agrees to use his
reasonable best efforts to perform his duties and responsibilities within, and agrees to abide by, the Company’s written general employment policies and
practices and such other reasonable policies, practices and restrictions as the Company shall from time to time establish and maintain for

its executives, including, without limitation, the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines and Policy of Ethical Standards for Business Conduct.
2. Term. The “Term” shall be the period commencing on the Start Date and ending at the close of business on the day before the third (3rd)
anniversary of the Start Date, unless Executive’s employment with the Company terminates earlier pursuant to Section 5. The Term shall be extended
automatically by successive one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with written notice of an intention not to renew the Term at
least thirty (30) days prior to such renewal date. The “Term” shall include any such automatic one (1) year extensions. The Term may be further modified
only by a written agreement between the parties and in such case, the term “Term” shall be deemed to mean the Term as so modified. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Executive’s employment with the Company shall be “at will.”
3. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses.
(a) Base Salary. During the Term, Executive’s annual base salary (the “Base Salary”) shall be $700,000.00, payable in accordance with the
Company’s regular payroll practices in effect from time to time and subject to all applicable taxes and withholdings, but no less frequently than in semimonthly installments. Subject to Section 5(f)(iv) below, the Base Salary may be increased (but not decreased) by the Compensation Committee of the
Board (the “Compensation Committee”) in its sole discretion. The parties acknowledge and agree that a portion of Executive’s Base Salary shall constitute
consideration for Executive’s compliance with the restrictions and covenants set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement.
(b) Annual Bonus. Beginning with respect to fiscal year 2020 (i.e., the fiscal year ending February 27, 2021) and for each completed fiscal year
thereafter during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual cash performance bonus (the “Annual Bonus”). The target Annual Bonus
opportunity for fiscal year 2020 shall be forty percent (40%) of the Base Salary, increasing in fiscal year 2021 and thereafter to eighty percent (80%) of the
Base Salary. The target Annual Bonus opportunity may be increased (but not decreased) by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. The Annual
Bonus earned, if any, with respect to a fiscal year will be subject to the performance of Executive and the Company during such year, relative to
performance goals established for such fiscal year by the Compensation Committee, and may, for the avoidance of doubt, be less than the target Annual
Bonus opportunity with respect to such year. The Compensation Committee shall determine the level of attainment of performance goals and the amount of
the Annual Bonus following the end of each fiscal year, and the Company shall pay the Annual Bonus, to the extent payable in accordance with this
Section 3(b), on or before the date that is two and one-half (2½) months following the end of the fiscal year with respect to which it is earned, provided that
Executive’s employment with the Company has not terminated on or prior to such date (except as expressly provided in Section 5(c) below).
(c) Sign-On Cash Awards.
(i)
On the Company’s first payroll payment date following the Start Date, the Company shall pay to Executive a lump-sum cash
payment of $50,000.00, subject to all applicable taxes and withholdings, as a one-time inducement cash bonus.
(ii) The Company shall pay to Executive a $70,000.00 retention bonus on the first payroll payment date following the last day of each
fiscal quarter in fiscal year 2020, for an aggregate payment of $280,000.00, subject to all applicable taxes and withholdings (such aggregate
amount, the “Retention Bonus”), provided that Executive’s employment with the Company has not terminated on or prior to each applicable
payment date (except as expressly provided in Section 5(c) below).
(d) Make-Whole RSU Award.
(i) On the Start Date, the Company shall grant to Executive, and Executive shall receive, a one-time, make-whole award of time-vesting
restricted stock units (“RSUs”) pursuant to the Company’s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time or any successor
plan (the “2012 Plan”) (the “Make-Whole RSU Award”). The Make-Whole RSU Award will have an aggregate value at grant equal to
$1,000,000.00 and

2

will vest in substantially equal installments on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the Start Date, subject to Executive’s continued
employment with the Company from the Start Date through the applicable vesting date (except as otherwise expressly provided in Sections 5(c)(ii)
and 5(c)(iii) below), and subject to the 2012 Plan and the terms and conditions of the applicable equity award agreement to be substantially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
(ii) The number of RSUs subject to the Make-Whole RSU Award will be determined by dividing the grant value set forth above by the
volume-weighted average closing price of a share of the Company’s common stock over the twenty (20) trading day period ending immediately
prior to the Start Date.
(e) Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards. In spring 2020, at the same time as such awards are granted to other members of the Company’s
senior management team, the Company shall grant Executive a long-term equity incentive award(s) under the 2012 Plan or the Company’s 2018 Incentive
Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time or any successor plan (the “2018 Plan”), as determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole
discretion (the “2020 Equity Award”). The 2020 Equity Award will have a target value at grant equal to $1,750,000.00. Long-term equity incentive
award(s) granted to Executive with respect to each fiscal year after fiscal year 2020 shall have a target value of at least two- hundred fifty percent (250%)
of Base Salary. The form, vesting criteria and forfeiture provisions, and other terms and conditions with respect to 2020 Equity Award and any other future
long-term equity incentive awards to be granted to Executive will be determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion, and such awards
will be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2012 Plan or 2018 Plan and any applicable award agreements thereunder. The determination of the
number of shares subject to the 2020 Equity Award based on the value set forth above and any other long-term equity incentive awards granted hereunder,
and the timing for such grants, will be made in accordance with the Compensation Committee Procedures for Equity Grants as in effect from time to time.
(f) Relocation Benefits. In connection with the commencement of Executive’s employment and Executive’s establishment of a residence in the
New York metropolitan area, the Company shall provide Executive with the relocation benefits summarized on Exhibit B hereto.
(g)
Reimbursement of Legal Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for his reasonable out-of-pocket legal expenses
incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, up to a maximum of $10,000.00. Executive shall provide the Company with
such receipts or invoices as the Company deems reasonably necessary to verify the amount of such expenses.
(h) Reimbursement of Business Expenses. Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses in carrying out his duties hereunder and shall,
upon receipt by the Company of proper documentation with respect thereto (setting forth the amount, business purpose and establishing payment) be
reimbursed for all such reasonable business expenses incurred during the Term, subject to the Company’s written expense reimbursement policies and any
written pre-approval policies in effect from time to time and provided or made available to Executive.
4. Employee Benefits.
(a) Company Employee Benefit Plans. During the Term, Executive shall be provided the opportunity to participate in all standard employee
benefit programs made available by the Company to the Company’s senior executive employees generally, in accordance with the terms and conditions of
such plans, including the eligibility and participation provisions of such plans and programs, as such plans or programs may be in effect from time to time.
The Company reserves the right to amend any employee benefit plan, policy, program or arrangement from time to time, or to terminate such plan, policy,
program or arrangement, consistent with the terms thereof at any time and for any reason without providing Executive with notice.
(b) Financial Planning Benefit. During the Term, upon presentation of appropriate documentation, the Company will reimburse Executive for
up to $10,000.00 annually for assistance with tax preparation and financial planning.

3

(c) Automobile Allowance. During the Term, the Company will provide Executive with an automobile allowance of $1,000.00 per month on an
after-tax basis, which may be applied toward the cost of leasing or purchasing an automobile, or toward the cost of a car service or other similar
transportation service.
(d) Vacation and Other Leave. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to take up to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time per calendar
year, or such greater amount as may be provided pursuant to the Company’s vacation policies in effect from time to time, provided that such time will not
carry over from one year to the next. Such paid vacation time will accrue on a monthly basis, but Executive may take the paid vacation time with respect to
a given calendar year anytime in such calendar year, prior to or following accrual thereof (to the extent not previously used). Executive shall also be
eligible for all other holiday and leave pay generally available to other executives of the Company.
5. Termination of Employment.
(a) Termination by the Company; Termination Due to Death. Executive’s employment with the Company, and the Term, may be terminated
by the Company immediately upon notice to Executive for an involuntary termination of employment for Cause (as defined in Section 5(f)(ii)), without
Cause or due to Executive’s Disability (as defined in Section 5(f)(iii)). Executive’s employment with the Company, and the Term, shall automatically
terminate upon Executive’s death.
(b) Termination by Executive. Executive’s employment with the Company, and the Term, may be terminated by Executive for any reason with
no less than thirty (30) calendar days’ advance written notice to the Company.
(c) Benefits Upon Termination. If Executive’s employment with the Company is terminated during the Term for any reason by the Company or
by Executive, the Company shall have no further obligation to make or provide to Executive, and Executive shall have no further right to receive or obtain
from the Company, any payments or benefits except as follows:
(i) Any Termination. The Company shall pay Executive (or, in the event of his death, Executive’s estate) any Accrued Obligations (as
defined in Section 5(f)(i)) within the thirty (30) day period (or such earlier or later period as required by law or the applicable governing
document) following the date Executive’s employment terminates (the “Separation Date”), and Executive shall receive any vested accrued benefits
for which Executive remains eligible under the Company’s employee welfare benefit and defined contribution retirement plans, payable according
to the terms of such plans.
(ii) Death or Disability. If Executive’s employment with the Company ends due to Executive’s death or Disability, then, in addition to
the amounts payable under Section 5(c)(i), subject to Executive’s (or his estate’s or legal representative’s) timely execution, delivery, and nonrevocation of the general release described in Section 5(e) (the “General Release”): (A) the Make- Whole RSU Award will immediately vest in
full as of the Separation Date; (B) the Company will pay Executive (or his estate or legal representative) any earned but unpaid Annual Bonus for
a fiscal year ending prior to the fiscal year in which the Separation Date occurs, which will be paid when otherwise payable under Section 3(b)
even though Executive’s employment had terminated on or prior to that date, or, if later, as soon as reasonably practicable following the expiration
of the applicable revocation period for the General Release; and (C) the Company will pay Executive (or his estate or legal representative) any
portion of the Retention Bonus that has not been paid as of the Separation Date, within thirty (30) days following the Separation Date, within
thirty (30) days following the Separation Date.
(iii) Non-Renewal by the Company; Without Cause; For Good Reason. If Executive’s employment with the Company ends as a result
of a non-renewal of the Term by the Company (and conditions for a Cause termination do not otherwise exist), an involuntary termination by the
Company without Cause or due to Executive’s resignation for Good Reason, then, in addition to the amounts payable under Section 5(c)(i), subject
to Executive’s timely execution, delivery, and non-revocation of the General Release and the other conditions and limitations herein, the Company
shall pay or provide Executive with the following benefits:

4

(A) Cash severance equal to, in the aggregate, one (1) times the sum of (x) Executive’s Base Salary (at the rate in effect
immediately prior to the Separation Date), and (y) Executive’s target Annual Bonus (at the rate in effect with respect to the fiscal year in
which the Separation Date occurs), subject to all applicable taxes and withholdings (collectively, the “Severance Payment”), payable in
substantially equal installments over the twelve (12) months following the Separation Date in accordance with the Company’s regular
payroll payment schedule; provided, that no installment or portion of the Severance Payment shall be payable or paid prior to the
expiration of the applicable revocation period for the General Release; and provided further, that if the Severance Payment is subject to
Section 409A (as defined in Section 5(f)(v)) and the timing of Executive’s execution and delivery of the General Release could affect the
calendar year in which any amount of the Severance Payment is paid because the Separation Date occurred toward the end of a calendar
year, then no portion of the Severance Payment shall be paid until the Company’s first payroll payment date in the year following the year
in which the Separation Date occurs, and any amount that is not paid prior to such date due to such restriction shall be paid (subject to the
applicable conditions) along with the installment scheduled to be paid on that date;
(B) Any earned but unpaid Annual Bonus for a fiscal year ending prior to the fiscal year in which the Separation Date occurs,
which will be paid when otherwise payable under Section 3(b) even though Executive’s employment had terminated on or prior to that
date, or, if later, as soon as reasonably practicable following the expiration of the applicable revocation period for the General Release;
(C) To the extent that the Separation Date occurs in the last six (6) months of a fiscal year, the Annual Bonus for the fiscal year
in which the Separation Date occurs that Executive would have earned, if any, pursuant to Section 3(b), based on actual performance
through the end of the fiscal year, prorated based on a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days in the fiscal year
during which Executive remained employed by the Company, and the denominator of which shall be 365, which will be paid when
otherwise payable under Section 3(b) even though Executive’s employment had terminated on or prior to that date, or, if later, as soon as
reasonably practicable following the expiration of the applicable revocation period for the General Release;
(D) Within thirty (30) days of following the Separation Date, any portion of the Retention Bonus that has not been paid as of
the Separation Date;
(E) As of the Separation Date, full and immediate accelerated vesting of the Make-Whole RSU Award; and
(F)
If Executive elects continued health coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act
(“COBRA”), Executive will only be responsible for paying a portion of the COBRA premium that is equal to Executive’s contribution
rate in effect immediately prior to the Separation Date for Executive’s applicable Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage, for the first fiftytwo (52) weeks of COBRA. If Executive elects COBRA and does not pay an applicable COBRA premium within the time frame
stipulated under COBRA, Executive’s COBRA coverage will be cancelled beginning after the period covered by the last COBRA
premium paid, subject to the terms of the governing documents for the applicable group health plan. Following the aforementioned fiftytwo (52)-week period, any continued health coverage pursuant to COBRA shall solely be at Executive’s cost.
(d) Cooperation Upon Termination. Upon the Executive’s termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall cooperate as reasonably
requested by the Board to effect an orderly transition.
(e) Release; No Other Severance Benefits; No Mitigation.
(i) This Section 5(e) shall apply notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary. As a condition precedent to any
Company obligation pursuant to Section 5(c)(ii) or Section 5(c)(iii) (collectively, the “Severance Benefits”), Executive (or his estate or legal
representative) shall provide the Company with a valid, executed General Release in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (as
reasonably revised by the

5

Company to comply with applicable law changes or interpretations or as otherwise necessary to ensure or bolster enforceability or tax
effectiveness), and not revoke such General Release prior to the expiration of any revocation rights afforded under applicable law. The Company
shall provide Executive (or his estate or legal representative) with the executed General Release no later than five (5) days after the Separation
Date, and Executive (or his estate or legal representative) must deliver his executed General Release to the Company within twenty-one (21)
calendar days (or, if greater, the minimum period required by applicable law) after its delivery by the Company; if Executive (or his estate or legal
representative) fails to timely execute and deliver a General Release that has been timely received, he will forfeit all rights to the Severance
Benefits.
(ii) Executive agrees that the Severance Benefits shall be in lieu of any other severance benefits to which Executive would otherwise be
entitled under the Company’s plans, policies or programs in effect on the Start Date or thereafter; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, upon a
termination of Executive’s employment, any equity awards held by him will be treated in accordance with the terms of the 2012 Plan or 2018 Plan,
as applicable, and the award agreements governing such awards. Executive acknowledges and agrees that in the event Executive breaches any
provision of Section 6 or the General Release, and, if curable, fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) calendar days after receiving notice from
the Company identifying such breach, his right to receive the Severance Benefits shall automatically terminate and Executive shall repay, return
and restore any and all Severance Benefits received.
(iii) Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this
Agreement, and there shall be no offset against amounts or benefits due under this Agreement or otherwise on account of any remuneration or
other benefit earned or received by Executive after the Separation Date.
(f) Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement:
(i) “Accrued Obligations” means (A) any Base Salary that had accrued but had not been paid (including any amount for accrued and
unused vacation time payable in accordance with Section 4(b) or applicable law) on or before the Separation Date, (B) any reimbursement due to
Executive pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 for expenses incurred by Executive on or before the Separation Date and (C) any other vested benefits or
other vested amounts due and owed to Executive under the then-applicable terms of any agreement, plan, program or arrangement of the
Company.
(ii) “Cause” means (A) Executive’s indictment for or plea of nolo contendere to a felony or commission of an act involving moral
turpitude; (B) Executive’s commission of fraud, theft, embezzlement, self-dealing, misappropriation or other malfeasance against the business of
the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates (individually, a “Company Group Member” and collectively, the “Company Group”); (C) Executive’s
indictment for or plea of nolo contendere to any serious offense that results in or would reasonably be expected to result in material financial
harm, materially negative publicity or other material harm to any Company Group Member; (D) Executive’s failure to perform any material aspect
of his lawful duties or responsibilities for the Company or the Company Group (other than by reason of his Disability), and if curable, fails to cure,
in all material aspects, within thirty (30) calendar days after receiving notice from the Company identifying such failure; (E) Executive’s failure to
attempt in good faith to comply with any lawful written policy of the Company (including, without limitation, the Company’s Corporate
Governance Guidelines or Policy of Ethical Standards for Business Conduct) or reasonable directive of the CEO or the Board, and in either case,
if curable, fails to cure, in all material aspects, within thirty (30) calendar days after receiving notice from the Company identifying such failure;
(F) Executive’s commission of acts or omissions constituting gross negligence or gross misconduct in the performance of any aspect of his lawful
duties or responsibilities; (G) Executive’s breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company Group; (H) Executive’s violation or breach of any
Restrictive Covenant (as defined in Section 7(a)) or any material term of the Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 7(b) hereof and the
requirement that Executive establish a residence in the New York metropolitan area within six (6) months following the Start Date), and, if
curable, fails to cure such violation or breach within thirty (30) calendar days after receiving notice from the Company identifying such violation
or breach; or (I) Executive’s commission of any act or omission that damages or is reasonably likely to damage the financial condition or business
of the Company or materially damages or is

6

reasonably likely to materially damage the reputation, public image, goodwill, assets or prospects of the Company. In addition, Executive’s
employment shall be deemed to have terminated for “Cause” if, on the date Executive’s employment terminates, facts and circumstances exist that
would have justified a termination for Cause, to the extent such facts and circumstances are discovered within four (4) months after such
termination.
(iii)
“Disability” means a physical or mental impairment that renders Executive unable to perform the essential functions of his
employment with the Company, even with reasonable accommodation that does not impose an undue hardship on the Company, for more than
ninety (90) calendar days, whether consecutive or not consecutive, in any consecutive twelve (12) month period, unless a longer period is required
by federal or state law, in which case that longer period would apply.
(iv) “Good Reason” means, without Executive’s written consent, (A) a reduction in the Base Salary, other than a reduction of less than
ten percent (10%) in connection with a comparable decrease applicable to all senior executives of the Company; (B) a requirement by the
Company that Executive relocate his primary place of employment more than thirty-five (35) miles from its location as of the Start Date; (C) a
material diminution in Executive’s duties, authority or responsibilities of employment; or (D) a change in Executive’s reporting line (i.e.,
Executive is no longer reporting directly to the CEO or the Board); provided, in each case, that Executive has given the Company written notice
detailing the specific circumstances alleged to constitute Good Reason within sixty (60) calendar days after Executive has knowledge of the first
occurrence of such circumstances, and the Company shall have thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of such notice to cure such
circumstances in all material respects; provided further, that no termination due to Good Reason shall occur after the one-hundred twentieth
(120th) calendar day following the date upon which Executive has knowledge of the first occurrence of any grounds for Good Reason.
(v) “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and the regulations, rules and
other guidance promulgated thereunder.
(g) Officer/Board/Committee Resignations. Upon the termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, Executive will be deemed to
have resigned, without any further action by Executive, from any and all positions (including, but not limited to, any officer and/or director positions or
positions as a fiduciary of any of the Company Group’s employee benefit plans) that Executive, immediately prior to such termination, (i) held within the
Company Group and (ii) held with any other entities at the direction of, or as a result of Executive’s affiliation with, the Company Group. If, for any reason,
this Section 5(g) is deemed to be insufficient to effectuate such resignations, then Executive will, upon the Company’s request, execute any documents or
instruments that the Company may deem necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations.
(h) Section 409A.
(i) It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement shall be exempt from and avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or
interest under Section 409A to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law; provided that if any such amount is or becomes subject to the
requirements of Section 409A, it is intended that those amounts shall comply with such requirements. This Agreement shall be construed and
interpreted consistent with that intent. In furtherance of that intent, if payment or provision of any amount or benefit hereunder that is subject to
Section 409A at the time specified herein would subject such amount or benefit to any additional tax under Section 409A, the payment or
provision of such amount or benefit shall be postponed to the earliest commencement date on which the payment or provision of such amount or
benefit could be made without incurring such additional tax. In no event, however, shall the Company be liable for any tax, interest or penalty
imposed on Executive under Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A.
(ii) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for
the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment that are considered “nonqualified deferred compensation”
under Section 409A unless such termination is also a “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such
provision of this Agreement, references to a “termination,” “termination of employment” or like terms shall mean

7

“separation from service.” If Executive is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- 1(i) as of the
Separation Date, Executive shall not be entitled to any payment or benefit pursuant to this Agreement that constitutes nonqualified deferred
compensation for purposes of Section 409A and that is payable upon a separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A) until the
earlier of (A) the date which is six (6) months after his separation from service for any reason other than death, or (B) the date of Executive’s
death; provided that this paragraph shall only apply if, and to the extent, required to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest pursuant to
Section 409A. Any amounts otherwise payable to Executive upon or in the six (6) month period following Executive’s separation from service that
are not so paid by reason of this Section 5(h)(ii) shall be paid (without interest) as soon as practicable (and in any event within thirty (30) calendar
days) after the date that is six (6) months after Executive’s separation from service (provided that in the event of Executive’s death after such
separation from service but prior to payment, then such payment shall be made as soon as practicable, and in all events within thirty (30) calendar
days, after the date of Executive’s death).
(iii) Any reimbursement payment or in-kind benefit due to Executive pursuant to Sections 3 or 4, to the extent that such reimbursements
or in-kind benefits are taxable to him, shall be paid on or before the last day of Executive’s taxable year following the taxable year in which the
related expense was incurred. Executive agrees to provide prompt notice to the Company of any such expenses (and any other documentation that
the Company may reasonably require to substantiate such expenses) in order to facilitate the Company’s timely reimbursement of the same.
Reimbursements and in-kind benefits pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 are not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit and the amount of
such benefits that Executive receives in one taxable year shall not affect the amount of such reimbursements or benefits that Executive receives in
any other taxable year.
(iv) For purposes of Section 409A, Executive’s right to receive any installment payments hereunder shall be treated as a right to receive
a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of
days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) calendar days following the Separation Date), the actual date of payment within the specified
period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company.
(i) Section 280G. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that any compensation, payment or distribution by the
Company and all affiliates to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
or otherwise, including but not limited to the acceleration of the exercisability and/or vesting of any equity awards (the “Severance Amounts”), would, but
for this Section 5(i), constitute an “excess parachute payment” as defined in Section 280G of the Code, the following provisions shall apply: (A) if the
Severance Amounts, reduced by the sum of (I) the Excise Tax (as defined below) and (II) the total of the federal, state, and local income and employment
taxes payable by Executive on the amount of the Severance Amounts which are in excess of the Threshold Amount (as defined below), are greater than or
equal to the Threshold Amount, Executive shall be entitled to the full benefits payable under this Agreement, and (ii) if the Threshold Amount is less than
(A) the Severance Amounts, but greater than (B) the Severance Amounts reduced by the sum of (1) the Excise Tax and (2) the total of the federal, state, and
local income and employment taxes on the amount of the Severance Amounts which are in excess of the Threshold Amount, then the benefits payable
under this Agreement shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the extent necessary so that the maximum Severance Amounts shall not exceed the
Threshold Amount. For the purposes of this Section 5(i), “Threshold Amount” shall mean three (3) times Executive’s “base amount” within the meaning of
Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder less one dollar ($1.00), and “Excise Tax” shall mean the excise tax imposed by
Section 4999 of the Code, and any interest or penalties incurred by Executive with respect to such excise tax. The determination as to which of the
alternative provisions of this Section 5(i) shall apply to Executive shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company or
one of its affiliates (the “Accounting Firm”). For purposes of determining which of the alternative provisions of this Section 5(i) shall apply, Executive
shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which
the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in the state and locality of Executive’s
residence on the Separation Date, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local
taxes. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and Executive, absent fraud or manifest error. In addition,
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event any payments are to be reduced, the reduction shall take place in a manner that produces the
greatest economic advantage to Executive (and if reduction of two or more payments produce the same

8

economic advantage they shall be reduced proportionally) but taking into account, as applicable, compliance with Section 409A. In no event shall the
Company be liable or responsible for any Excise Tax imposed on Executive; provided, however, that this Section 5(i) shall not be construed to limit the
remedies available to Executive in the event that Executive becomes subject to any Excise Tax, in a material amount, as a result of any fraud or error by the
Accounting Firm.
6. Restrictive Covenants.
(a) Non-Disclosure and Non-Use of Confidential Information.
(i)
Executive shall not use or disclose to any individual or natural person, partnership (including a limited liability partnership),
corporation, limited liability company, association, joint stock company, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization or governmental
authority (each, a “Person”), either during the Term or thereafter, any Confidential Information (as defined below) of which Executive is or
becomes aware, whether or not such information is developed by him, for any reason or purpose whatsoever, nor shall he make use of any of the
Confidential Information for his own purposes or for the benefit of any Person except for the Company Group, except (A) to the extent that such
disclosure or use is directly related to and required by Executive’s performance in good faith of duties assigned to Executive by the Company or
(B) to the extent required to do so by a law or legal process, including a court of competent jurisdiction, or (C) in confidence to his attorney or
other professional advisor for the purpose of securing professional advice. Executive shall not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, create other
works from or disassemble any software programs contained in the Confidential Information of the Company unless permitted in writing by the
Company. Executive will, at the sole expense of the Company, take all reasonable steps to safeguard Confidential Information and to protect it
against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss and theft.
(ii) For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means information that is not generally known to the public and that is
used, developed or obtained by any Company Group Member in connection with its business, including, but not limited to, information,
observations and data obtained by Executive during the Term concerning (A) the business or affairs of the Company Group (or any predecessor
thereof) and (B) products, services, fees, costs, pricing structures, analyses, drawings, photographs and reports, computer software (including
operating systems, applications and program listings), data bases, accounting and business methods, inventions, devices, new developments,
methods and processes (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), customers and clients and customer and client
lists, information on current and prospective independent sales agents, software vendors or partners and sponsor banks, all technology and trade
secrets, and all similar and related information in whatever form. Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Confidential Information” will not include any
information that has been published in a form generally available to the public prior to the date Executive proposes to disclose or use such
information (except where such public disclosure was made by Executive without authorization).
(iii) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits or restricts Executive (or Executive’s attorney) from responding to
any inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or any other self-regulatory organization or
governmental entity, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. Executive
understands and acknowledges that he does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and that he is
not required to notify the Company that he has made such reports or disclosures.
(iv) Under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is (A) made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or
indirectly, or to an attorney; and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) in a complaint or other
document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an
employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the employer's trade secrets to the attorney and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding if the individual: (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (y) does not disclose the trade secret,
except pursuant to court order.

9

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and for the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall preclude the Company from disclosing the
existence and/or terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation, to the extent required by applicable law (including, without
limitation, under applicable securities laws) or by judicial or administrative process.
(b) Intellectual Property Rights.
(i) Executive hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to the Company all of Executive’s right, title and interest in and to all Work Product
(as defined below). Executive agrees that all Work Product belongs in all instances to the Company. Executive will promptly disclose such Work
Product to the Company and perform all actions reasonably requested by the Company (whether during or after the Term) to establish and confirm
the Company’s ownership of such Work Product (including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of assignments, consents, powers of
attorney and other instruments) and to provide reasonable assistance to the Company (whether during or after the Term) in connection with the
prosecution of any applications for patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks or reissues thereof or in the prosecution or defense of
interferences relating to any Work Product. Executive recognizes and agrees that the Work Product, to the extent copyrightable, constitutes works
for hire under the copyright laws of the United States.
(ii) For purposes of this Agreement, “Work Product” means all inventions, innovations, improvements, technical information, systems,
software developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, service marks, trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos and all similar or
related information (whether patentable or unpatentable) which relates to the actual or anticipated business, operations, research and development
of existing or future products or services of the Company Group and which are conceived, developed or made by Executive (whether or not during
usual business hours and whether or not alone or in conjunction with any other Person) during the Term together with all patent applications,
letters patent, trademark, trade name and service mark applications or registrations, copyrights and reissues thereof that may be granted for or
upon any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Work Product” shall not include the patents and other assets set forth on Exhibit D
hereto. Executive hereby represents and warrants that the patents and other assets owned by Executive set forth on Exhibit D are not related in any
way to the Company Group, except as stated therein.
(c)
Non-Competition. During the Term and for twelve (12) months following the termination of Executive’s employment for any reason,
whether or not Executive is entitled to severance (the “Restricted Period”), Executive shall not, and shall cause his controlled affiliates not to, directly or
indirectly, through or in association with any third party, engage or be interested in any Competitive Business in the United States as a shareholder, director,
officer, employee, agent, broker, partner, individual proprietor, lender, consultant or in any other capacity (provided, that nothing herein contained will
prevent Executive from owning less than one percent (1%) of any class of equity or debt securities of any publicly traded company). For purposes of this
Agreement, “Competitive Business” means (i) any business or enterprise that includes the operation of any retail store which utilizes (or intends to utilize)
more than thirty percent (30%) of the selling space of the store for the sale of any combination of: giftware; housewares; linens and domestics; home
furnishings; and/or health and beauty care products; and/or products for infants and young children (including, without limitation, cribs and juvenile
furniture, toys and games, infant’s and young children’s clothing, strollers, car seats, carriers, bedding, bath and safety accessories, and feeding and eating
accessories); and/or (ii) any business or enterprise that includes the operation of any non- traditional retail format (such as, but not limited to, any online,
internet, catalog or television format) which allocates (or intends to allocate) more than thirty percent (30%) of such format’s listing space or time slots to
the sale of any combination of: giftware; housewares; linens and domestics; home furnishings; and/or health and beauty care products; and/or products for
infants and young children (including, without limitation, cribs and juvenile furniture, toys and games, infant’s and young children’s clothing, strollers, car
seats, carriers, bedding, bath and safety accessories, and feeding and eating accessories); and/or (iii) any other material business or enterprise of the
Company Group.
(d) Non-Solicitation and Non-Interference. During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not, and shall cause his controlled affiliates not to,
directly or indirectly, through or in association with any third party, (i) call on, solicit or service, engage or contract with or take any action which would be
expected to interfere with, impair, subvert, disrupt or alter the relationship, contractual or otherwise, between any Company Group Member and any current
or prospective customer, supplier, distributor, developer, service provider, licensor or licensee, or other material business relation of such

10

Company Group Member, (ii) solicit, induce, recruit or encourage any employees of or consultants to the Company Group to terminate their relationship
with the Company Group or take away or hire such employees or consultants, (iii) divert or take away the business or patronage (with respect to products
or services of the kind or type developed, produced, marketed, furnished or sold by the Company Group) of any of the clients, customers or accounts, or
prospective clients, customers or accounts, of the Company Group or (iv) attempt to do any of the foregoing, either for Executive’s own purposes or for any
other third party.
(e)
Non-Disparagement. Executive shall not, in any manner, directly or indirectly, make any oral or written statement to any Person that
disparages or places any Company Group Member or any of their respective officers, shareholders, members or advisors, any member of the Board, or any
agents or others with whom the Company has business relationships, in a false or negative light; provided, however, that Executive shall not be required to
make any untruthful statement or to violate any law, and shall not be prohibited from enforcing his rights under this Agreement or any other written
agreement, plan or arrangement of the Company Group.
7. Acknowledgment and Enforcement of Covenants; Representations.
(a) Acknowledgment. Executive acknowledges that he has become familiar, or will become familiar with, the Company Group Members’ trade
secrets and with other confidential and proprietary information concerning the Company Group Members and their respective predecessors, successors,
customers and suppliers, and that his services are of special, unique and extraordinary value to the Company. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the
Company would not enter into this Agreement, providing for compensation and other benefits to Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein, but
for Executive’s agreements herein (including those set forth in Section 6). Furthermore, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be
providing Executive with additional special knowledge after the Start Date, with such special knowledge to include additional Confidential Information and
trade secrets. Executive agrees that the covenants set forth in Section 6 (collectively, the “Restrictive Covenants”) are reasonable and necessary to protect
the Company Group’s trade secrets and other Confidential Information, proprietary information, good will, stable workforce and customer relations.
(b) Representations.
(i) Without limiting the generality of Executive’s agreement with the provisions of Section 7(a), Executive (A) represents that he is
familiar with and has carefully considered the Restrictive Covenants; (B) represents that he is fully aware of his obligations hereunder; (C) agrees
to the reasonableness of the length of time, scope and geographic coverage, as applicable, of the Restrictive Covenants; and (D) agrees that the
Restrictive Covenants will continue in effect for the applicable periods set forth above regardless of whether Executive is then entitled to receive
severance pay or benefits from the Company. Executive understands that the Restrictive Covenants may limit his ability to earn a livelihood in a
business similar to the business of the Company Group, but he nevertheless believes that he has received and will receive sufficient consideration
and other benefits as an employee of the Company and as otherwise provided hereunder or as described in the recitals hereto to clearly justify such
restrictions which, in any event (given his education, skills and ability), Executive does not believe would prevent him from otherwise earning a
living. Executive agrees that the Restrictive Covenants do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment of Executive.
(ii)
Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that: (A) the information that Executive provided to the Company
regarding his background is truthful and accurate; (B) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by Executive of his
duties hereunder do not and shall not constitute a breach of, conflict with, or otherwise contravene or cause a default under, the terms of any other
agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound or any judgment, order or decree to which Executive is subject; (C)
Executive has no information (including, without limitation, confidential information and trade secrets) relating to any other person or entity that
would prevent Executive under the terms of any other agreement or arrangement from entering into this Agreement or carrying out his duties
hereunder, or would give rise to a violation of such other agreement or arrangement; (D) Executive is not bound by any employment, consulting,
non-competition, confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other than this Agreement) with any other person or entity that would prevent
Executive under the terms of any other agreement or arrangement from

11

entering into this Agreement or carrying out his duties hereunder, or would give rise to a violation of such other agreement or arrangement; (E)
Executive is not currently and has never been the subject of any allegation or complaint of harassment, discrimination, retaliation, or sexual or
other misconduct in connection with any prior employment or otherwise, and has never been a party to any settlement agreement or nondisclosure
agreement relating to such matters; and (F) Executive understands the Company will rely upon the accuracy and truth of the representations and
warranties of Executive set forth herein and Executive consents to such reliance.
(c) Enforcement. Executive agrees that a breach by Executive of any of the Restrictive Covenants may cause immediate and irreparable harm to
the Company or another Company Group Member that would be difficult or impossible to measure, and that damages to the Company or the Company
Group Member for any such injury may therefore be an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Therefore, Executive agrees that in the event of any breach
or threatened breach of any provision of the Restrictive Covenants, the Company shall be entitled, in addition to and without limitation upon all other
remedies the Company may have under this Agreement at law or otherwise, to seek to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction specific
performance, injunctive relief and/or other appropriate relief (without posting any bond or deposit) in order to enforce or prevent any violations of the
Restrictive Covenants, or require Executive to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation, profits, moneys, accruals, increments or other
benefits derived from or received as a result of any transactions constituting a breach of the Restrictive Covenants if and when final judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction is so entered against Executive.
(d)
Severability. If, at the time of enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants, a court or arbitrator holds that the Restrictive Covenants are
unreasonable under the circumstances then existing, the parties agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such
circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area determined to be reasonable under the circumstances by such court or arbitrator, as
applicable. Executive covenants and agrees that Executive shall not assert as a defense to any action seeking enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants
(including an action seeking injunctive relief) that such provisions are not enforceable due to lack of sufficient consideration received by Executive.
(e) Tolling. In the event of any violation of the provisions of Sections 6(c) or 6(d), Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post-termination
restrictions breached shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running
of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation.
(f)
Survival of Provisions. The obligations contained in Sections 6, 7, 9, 10 and 11 hereof shall survive any termination of Executive’s
employment with the Company and shall be fully enforceable thereafter.
8. Withholding Taxes/Authorized Deductions. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause to be
withheld) from any amounts otherwise due or payable under or pursuant to this Agreement such federal, state and local income, social security,
employment or other taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation, and make such deductions as may be applicable
pursuant to the Company’s policies and employee benefit plans.
9.
Cooperation. During and after the Term, Executive shall cooperate fully with any investigation or inquiry by the Company, or any
governmental or regulatory agency or body concerning the Company or any other member of the Company Group; provided, that the Company shall
reimburse Executive’s reasonable expenses incurred in providing such cooperation subject to Executive’s delivery of written notice to the Company prior to
the time such expenses are incurred.
10. Clawback. To the extent required by applicable law or regulation, any applicable stock exchange listing standards or any clawback policy
adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, regulation or stock exchange listing standards, or to comport with good corporate governance practices,
the Annual Bonus and any other incentive compensation granted to Executive (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) shall be subject to the
provisions of any applicable clawback policies or procedures, which may provide for forfeiture and/or recoupment of such amounts paid or payable under
this Agreement or otherwise, including the incentive equity awards granted or to be granted to Executive under Sections 3(d) and/or 3(e) of this Agreement
or any other incentive equity awards granted to Executive.

12

11. Miscellaneous.
(a) Indemnification. Both during and after the Term, Executive will be indemnified (and advanced expenses) to the fullest extent permitted
under the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws applicable to any officer of the Company. During the Term and thereafter until the expiration
of any applicable statute of limitations, Executive will be covered by the Company’s Directors and Officers liability insurance policies on terms and
conditions that are no less favorable than those offered to any other then-current officer or director.
(b) Insurance. The Company may, at its option and for its benefit, obtain insurance with respect to Executive’s death, disability or injury.
Executive agrees to submit to such physical examinations and supply such information as may be reasonably required in order to permit the Company to
obtain such insurance.
(c) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
(d) Consent to Jurisdiction. All actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be tried and litigated only in the New
York State or Federal courts located in the County of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek injunctive or equitable
relief to enforce the terms of this Agreement in any court of competent jurisdiction.
(e) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim
arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
(f) Severability. It is the desire and intent of the parties hereto that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent permissible
under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision of this Agreement
shall be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision, as to such
jurisdiction, shall be ineffective without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision
in any other jurisdiction.
(g) Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties hereto respecting the matters within its
scope and supersedes all prior agreements (including, without limitation, any offer letters, term sheets and correspondence relating thereto), whether written
or oral, that directly or indirectly bear upon the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part),
except by written agreement executed by both of the parties hereto.
(h) Offsets. To the extent not prohibited under applicable law, the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, has the right to set off (or cause
to be set off) any amounts otherwise due to Executive from the Company in satisfaction of any repayment obligation of Executive under this Agreement or
otherwise, provided that any such amounts are exempt from, or set off in a manner intended to comply with, the requirements of Section 409A.
(i) Waiver. No waiver of any of any provision of this Agreement will constitute or be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other provision of
this Agreement, nor will any such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided in a writing executed by the party against
whom it is sought to be enforced.
(j) Successors and Assigns. Neither party hereto may assign its rights or delegate its duties hereunder, except that the Company may assign its
rights hereunder to any person that (i) acquires substantially all of the business and assets of the Company (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of
assets or other acquisition transaction), and (ii) agrees in writing to assume the obligations of the Company hereunder. This Agreement shall be binding on
the successors and assigns of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall create, or be deemed to create, any third party beneficiary rights in any Person,
including, without limitation, any employee of the Company, other than Executive.

13

(k) Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed to have been duly given when
personally delivered or when sent by registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows:
If to the Company, at:
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
650 Liberty Avenue
Union, NJ 07083
Attention: Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel
If to Executive, at:
Executive’s home address on file with the Company
Either party hereto may change its or his address for the purpose of this paragraph by written notice similarly given.
(l) Legal Counsel; Mutual Drafting. Each party recognizes that this is a legally binding contract and acknowledges and agrees that they have
had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel of their choice. Each party has cooperated in the drafting, negotiation and preparation of this Agreement.
Hence, in any construction to be made of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party being the drafter of
such language. Executive agrees and acknowledges that he has read and understands this Agreement, is entering into it freely and voluntarily, and has been
advised to seek counsel prior to entering into this Agreement and has had ample opportunity to do so.
(m) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any
party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures delivered as a “pdf” attachment to
an email to the other party shall be sufficient for all purposes.

[Signatures on Following Page]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Executive have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
COMPANY
BED BATH & BEYOND INC.
By: /s/ Mark J. Tritton
Name: Mark J. Tritton
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Joseph Hartsig
Joseph Hartsig

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]

15

EXHIBIT A
MAKE-WHOLE RSU AGREEMENT
See attached.

A-1

This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of March [●], 2020 (the “Grant Date”), between BED BATH &
BEYOND INC. (the “Company”) and Joseph Hartsig (“you” or “Participant”).
WHEREAS, the Company and the Participant have entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of February 26, 2020 providing for the Participant’s
appointment as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer and President, Harmon Face Values (the “Employment
Agreement”);
WHEREAS, the Employment Agreement provides that the Company will grant the Participant a “Make-Whole RSU Award” (as defined in the
Employment Agreement); and
WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) administers the Company’s equity
incentive compensation programs and is authorized to grant stock options, restricted stock units and other awards, including to newly hired employees;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows.
1. Restricted Stock Unit Grant. Pursuant and subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby awards you the number
of Restricted Stock Units (the “Restricted Stock Units”) specified in paragraph 7 below. The Restricted Stock Units are subject to certain restrictions as set
forth in this Agreement.
2. Plan Provisions. The Restricted Stock Units are being granted under the Company’s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time
(the “Plan”) and are entirely subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. A description of key terms of the Plan is set forth in the Prospectus to the Plan.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan to the
contrary, Sections 4.2(d) and 4.3 of the Company’s 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time, shall apply to the Restricted Stock
Units in lieu of Section 4.2(d) of the Plan.
3. Restrictions on Transfer. You will not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of (any such action, a “Transfer”) the Restricted
Stock Units, except as set forth in this Agreement. Any attempted Transfer in violation of this Agreement will be void and of no effect.
4. Payment. With respect to each Restricted Stock Unit that vests in accordance with the schedule set forth in paragraph 7 below,you will be entitled to
receive one share of Company’s Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share (“Common Stock”). Subject to paragraph 5 below, you will be paid such
share(s) of Common Stock with respect to each vested Restricted Stock Unit within thirty (30) days following the applicable Vesting Date (as defined
below), to the extent administratively practicable.
5. Forfeiture; Certain Terminations. Except as provided in this paragraph, upon your termination of employment with the Company, all unvested Restricted
Stock Units shall immediately be forfeited without compensation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that your employment with
the Company is terminated as a result of your death, Disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), non-renewal by the Company of the Term (as
defined in the Employment Agreement), termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or your resignation with
Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) (“Qualifying Termination”), subject to your timely execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a
General Release (as defined in the Employment Agreement) as provided in Section 5(e) of the Employment Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units will
immediately vest in full.
6. Rights with Regard to Restricted Stock Units. On and after the Grant Date, you will have the right to receive dividend equivalents with respect to the
shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of this paragraph. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, in no event shall a dividend equivalent be issued or paid with respect to any Restricted Stock Unit that has been forfeited pursuant to
paragraph 5. If the Company pays a dividend (whether in cash or stock) on its Common Stock shares, or its Common Stock shares are split, or the
Company pays to holders of its Common Stock other shares, securities, monies, warrants, rights, options or property representing a dividend or distribution
in respect of the Common Stock, then the Company will credit a deemed dividend or distribution to a book entry account on your behalf with respect to
each share of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units held by you, provided that your right to actually receive such cash or property shall be
subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which the cash or property relates, and the cash or property shall be paid to you at the same
time you receive the payment of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee,
dividend equivalents shall not be deemed to be reinvested in Common Stock and shall

A-2

be treated as uninvested at all times, without crediting any interest or earnings. Except as provided in this paragraph, you will have no rights as a holder of
Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units unless and until the Restricted Stock Units become vested hereunder and you become the holder
of record of the Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units.
7. Grant Size; Vesting Schedule. Restricted Stock Units covered by this Award: [●] shares (representing $1,000,000.00, valued at the Grant Date).1 The
Restricted Stock Units will become vested in three substantially equal installments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Grant Date
(each, a “Vesting Date”), provided that you remain continuously employed by the Company from the Grant Date until each applicable Vesting Date
(except as otherwise provided in paragraph 5).
8. Withholding. For purposes of the payment of applicable withholding taxes required by applicable law, the number of shares of Common Stock
underlying the Restricted Stock Units to which you become entitled on payment shall be automatically reduced by the Company to cover the applicable
minimum statutorily required withholding obligation, except that you may elect to pay some or all of the amount of such obligation in cash in a manner
acceptable to the Company. In the event that the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units to which you become entitled
upon vesting is automatically reduced, it is the intent of this Agreement that any deemed “sale” of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted
Stock Units withheld will be exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto
(“Exchange Act”) pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision. All unscheduled and scheduled blackout
periods (each, a “BP”) are determined by the Company. If any shares of Common Stock underlying vested Restricted Stock Units are scheduled to be paid
during a BP to which you are subject, (i) you will be paid the applicable number of shares of Common Stock on the scheduled payment date (net of any
shares withheld by the Company to pay minimum required taxes), but (ii) you will be unable to sell such shares of Common Stock until the earliest date on
which all BPs to which you are subject have expired.
Subject to paragraph 5 above, all vesting will occur only on the applicable Vesting Dates, with no proportionate or partial vesting prior to the first Vesting
Date or between Vesting Dates. Except as otherwise provided in the preceding paragraph, when any Restricted Stock Units become vested, the Company
(unless it determines a delay is required under applicable law or rules) will, on the payment date described in paragraph 4 above (or promptly thereafter)
issue and deliver to you a stock certificate registered in your name or will promptly recognize ownership of your shares through uncertificated book entry
or another similar method, subject to applicable federal, state and local tax withholding in the manner described herein or otherwise acceptable to the
Committee. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, you will be permitted to transfer shares of Common Stock following your receipt thereof, but only
to the
extent permitted by applicable law or rule.
9. Code Section 409A. Although the Company does not guarantee the particular tax treatment of the Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement,
the grant of Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the applicable requirements of Section 409A of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”) and this Agreement shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. In
no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on you by Section
409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent any payment made under this Agreement constitutes
“non-qualified deferred compensation” pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, the provisions of Section 13.13(b) of the Plan (including without limitation,
the six-month delay relating to “specified employees”) shall apply.
10. Notice. Any notice or communication concerning the Restricted Stock Units must be in writing and delivered in person, or by U.S. mail, to the
following address: if to the Company, at Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Finance Department – Stock Administration, 650 Liberty Avenue, Union, New
Jersey 07083; if to the Participant, at the Participant’s home address on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change its or his address for the
purpose of this paragraph by written notice similarly given.

1

Calculated based on the volume-weighted average closing price of a share of Common Stock over the twenty (20) trading day period ending immediately
prior to the Grant Date.

A-3

BED BATH & BEYOND INC.

By:___________________________________
___________________________________
An Authorized Officer
Recipient (You)

A-4

EXHIBIT B
RELOCATION BENEFITS
To assist you with your establishment of a residence in the Union, NJ area, you will be eligible for relocation assistance (“Relocation Assistance”). This
Relocation Assistance will be provided for the eligible relocation expenses outlined below. Relocation Assistance will be delivered to you in the form of a
reimbursement based on original receipts or expense documents submitted, except where a direct bill
arrangement has been established. The Company will also “gross up” for tax purposes your eligible relocation expenses that are not tax deductible.
The items listed below are eligible for Relocation Assistance:
•

HOME SALE CLOSING COSTS - Closing costs related to the sale of your primary residence in the Chicago, IL area up to 7% of your home
sale price (i.e., maximum 5% realtor’s commission and other reasonable and customary closing costs). Discount points, escrows, warranties, past
due items, expenses or costs incurred prior to or at closing resulting from home improvements/repairs or seller incentives are excluded from
reimbursement. You must submit your settlement statement signed by at least one of the following: closing agent, escrow company, or attorney.
Please contact the Company if you have any questions regarding closing costs that are included/excluded from reimbursement. To be eligible for
this reimbursement, (i) your home sale must be completed by July 31, 2022, and (ii) you must remain employed by the Company on the closing
date of your home sale. If your employment is terminated for Cause after the closing date occurs, the Company’s obligation pursuant to this
paragraph shall cease immediately, and you will have no right to receive this reimbursement. Subject to the other requirements of this paragraph,
any such reimbursement will be made within forty-five (45) days following the closing date, provided that you timely submit documentation of the
applicable expenses.

•

HOME PURCHASE CLOSING COSTS - Closing costs related to the purchase of your new primary residence in the greater Union, NJ area, up
to 2% of your home purchase price (i.e., reasonable and customary closing costs; discount points and escrows are not eligible for reimbursement).
You must submit your settlement statement signed by at least one of the following: closing agent, escrow company, or attorney. Please contact the
Company if you have any questions regarding closing costs that are included/excluded from reimbursement. To be eligible for this reimbursement,
(i) your home purchase must be completed by July 31, 2022, and (ii) you must remain employed by the Company on the closing date of your
home purchase. If your employment is terminated for Cause after the closing date occurs, the Company’s obligation pursuant to this paragraph
shall cease immediately, and you will have no right to receive this reimbursement. Subject to the other requirements of this paragraph, any such
reimbursement will be made within forty-five (45) days following the closing date, provided that you timely submit documentation of the
applicable expenses.

•

TEMPORARY LODGING - To assist you during your housing transition from the Chicago, IL area to the greater Union, NJ area, the Company
will provide you with up to six (6) months of temporary lodging that will be arranged and paid for by the Company, assuming you are maintaining
the costs associated with your departure housing (the “Temporary Living Period”).

•

HOUSEHOLD GOODS - To assist you with the movement of your household goods from your residence in the Chicago, IL area to your new
residence in the greater Union, NJ area, the Company will arrange and pay for the full pack and movement of your household goods (some
exclusions apply).

•

HOME FINDING TRIPS - To assist you in finding a home in the greater Union, NJ Area, the Company will provide you, your spouse and your
children living with you at home up to two (2) home finding trips to the greater Union, NJ area for up to 3 days/2 nights per trip. Eligible expenses
include airfare, rental car, lodging (if your temporary housing is not suitable), and meals. All covered items are subject to the Company’s travel
and expense policy.

B-1

•

FINAL TRIP - To assist you with the transportation expenses associated with your final trip to the Union, NJ area, the Company will reimburse
you for your final trip mileage (at the current Company rate), tolls, Company-approved destination lodging for one (1) night, if needed, and meal
expenses for one (1) day for yourself, your spouse/partner and children. All covered items are subject to the Company’s travel and expense policy.

•

TRIPS HOME DURING TEMPORARY LIVING PERIOD – To assist you with the cost of your roundtrip airfare between Chicago, IL and
Newark, NJ, with respect to up to one (1) roundtrip per week during your Temporary Living Period, the Company will reimburse you for eligible
related expenses (e.g., airfare, baggage fees, airport parking, transportation to and from the airport). All covered items are subject to the
Company’s travel and expense policy.

•

MISCELLANEOUS - In addition to the assistance outlined above, the Company will reimburse your expenses for a new driver’s license, auto
registration, utility hookups and/or utility disconnection expenses or forfeited utility deposits up to a total of $2,500.

For expenses that are not direct billed to the Company, please submit all eligible relocation related expenses, with receipts, to Paul Dombek for
processing no later than thirty (30) days after each applicable relocation expense is incurred. Such amounts shall be reimbursed within thirty (30)
days after receipt of expenses and related documentation by the Company.
If you voluntarily resign your employment without Good Reason or if you are involuntarily terminated by
the Company for Cause (i) prior to the first (1st) anniversary of the Start Date, you agree to repay the full
gross amount (including any tax gross-up) of all payments, benefits and expense reimbursements paid by
the Company pursuant to this Exhibit B, or (ii) on or after the first (1st) anniversary of the Start Date but
prior to the second (2nd) anniversary of the Start Date, you agree to repay fifty percent (50%) of the full
gross amount (including any tax gross-up) of all payments, benefits and expense reimbursements paid by
the Company pursuant to this Exhibit B. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby expressly
agree and authorize the Company to deduct any amounts owed to the Company pursuant to this Exhibit B
from your final paycheck and any other amounts that the Company might otherwise pay upon termination.

B-2

EXHIBIT C
FORM OF AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE
THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the “Agreement and General Release”) is
made and entered into on _____________, 20__ by and between Joseph Hartsig (“Executive”) and Bed
Bath & Beyond Inc., a New York corporation (the “Company”).
WHEREAS, Executive has been employed by the Company and the parties wish to resolve all outstanding claims and disputes between them
relating to such employment;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and General Release, the
sufficiency of which the parties acknowledge, it is agreed as follows:
1.

In consideration for Executive’s promises, covenants and agreements in this Agreement and General Release, the Company agrees to provide the
Severance Benefits set forth in Section [5(c)(ii) / 5(c)(iii)] of that certain employment agreement between Executive and the Company, dated as of
February 26, 2020 (the “Employment Agreement”), in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of such Employment Agreement.
Executive would not otherwise be entitled to such payments but for his promises, covenants and agreements in this Agreement and General
Release.

2.

The parties agree that the payments described in Section 1 of this Agreement and General Release are in full, final and complete settlement of all
Claims (as defined below) Executive, and Executive’s heirs, beneficiaries, personal representatives, executors, administrators, successors and
assigns (collectively, the “Releasors”) may have against the Company, its past and present affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, divisions, joint ventures
and/or partnerships, their predecessors, successors and assigns, and all of their past and present respective officers, directors, owners, shareholders,
members, managers, supervisors, employees, agents, advisors, consultants, insurers, attorneys, representatives, and employee benefit or pension
plans or funds (and the trustees, administrators, fiduciaries and insurers of such programs) as well as any predecessors, successors and/or assigns
of each of the foregoing (collectively, the “Releasees”), arising out of or in any way connected with Executive’s employment with the Company or
any of its affiliates or the termination of such employment. Executive understands and acknowledges that except for the Accrued Obligations (as
defined in the Employment Agreement) and except as otherwise specifically provided under this Agreement and General Release, Executive is
entitled to no payments or any other benefits from Company.

3.

Nothing in this Agreement and General Release shall be construed as an admission of liability by the Company or any other Releasee, and the
Company specifically disclaims liability to or wrongful treatment of Executive on the part of itself and all other Releasees. Executive expressly
acknowledges and agrees that Executive has not asserted and does not have, the basis for asserting any claim, the factual foundation of which
involves sexual harassment or sexual abuse, against the Company, and as such no portion of the consideration paid to Executive as part of this
Agreement and General Release is attributable to any such claims; thus, Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and General
Release does not constitute the settlement of a sexual harassment or sexual abuse claim.

4.

Executive hereby represents and warrants to Company that (a) Executive has not filed, caused or permitted to be filed any pending proceeding
(nor has Executive lodged a complaint with any governmental or quasi-governmental authority) against Company which has been released in this
Agreement and General Release, nor has Executive agreed to do any of the foregoing, (b) Executive has not assigned, transferred, sold,
encumbered, pledged, hypothecated, mortgaged, distributed, or otherwise disposed of or conveyed to any third party any right or Claim against
Company which has been released in this Agreement and General Release, and (c) Executive has not directly or indirectly encouraged or assisted
any third party in filing, causing or assisting to be filed, any Claim against Company which has been released in this Agreement and General
Release. In addition, Executive hereby represents and warrants to Company that Executive shall

C-1

not encourage or solicit or voluntarily assist or participate in any way in the filing, reporting or prosecution by Executive or any third party of a
proceeding or Claim against Company based upon or relating to any Claim released by Executive in this Agreement and General Release, unless
expressly allowed by Section 7. If any court has or assumes jurisdiction of any action against the Company or any of its affiliates on behalf of
Executive, Executive will request that court to withdraw from or dismiss the matter with prejudice.
5.

Executive represents that he has not filed any complaints or charges against the Company or any of its affiliates with the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”), or with any other federal, state or local agency or court, and covenants that he will not seek to recover, on
any claim released in this Agreement and General Release. Executive further represents that he has reported to the Company in writing any and all
work-related injuries that he has suffered or sustained during his employment with the Company or its affiliates.

6.

Executive, on his behalf and on behalf of each of the Releasors, hereby covenants not to sue, and fully and forever releases and discharges the
Company and all other Releasees from any and all legally waivable Claims which Executive may have against any of the Releasees, arising on or
prior to the date hereof, including those of which Executive is not aware and those not mentioned in this Agreement and General Release up to the
effective Date of this Agreement and General Release. “Claims” means any and all actions, controversies, demands, causes of action, suits, rights,
and/or claims whatsoever for debts, sums of money, wages, salary, severance pay, vacation pay, sick pay, fees and costs, attorneys’ fees, losses,
penalties, damages, including damages for pain and suffering and emotional harm, arising, directly or indirectly, out of Executive’s employment
with the Company, the terms and conditions of such employment, the termination of such employment and/or any of the events relating directly or
indirectly to or surrounding the termination of that employment, including, but not limited to, Claims arising directly, or indirectly, from any
promise, agreement, offer letter, contract, understanding, common law, tort, the laws, statutes, and/or regulations of the State of New Jersey, or any
other state, and the United States, including, but not limited to, federal, state and local wage and hour laws, federal, state and local whistleblower
laws, federal, state and local fair employment laws, federal, state and local anti-discrimination laws, federal, state and local labor laws, Section
1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans
with Disabilities Act, the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”), the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance
Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”), as amended by the
Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, the Occupational Safety and Health Act,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, the New Jersey Law
Against Discrimination, the New Jersey Family Leave Act, the New Jersey Civil Rights Act, the New Jersey Wage Payment Law, the New Jersey
Conscientious Employee Protection Act, the New Jersey Millville Dallas Airmotive Plant Loss Job Notification Act, the New Jersey Paid Sick
Leave Act, the New Jersey Equal Pay Act, and the New Jersey Workers’ Compensation Anti-Retaliation Law, as each has been or may be
amended from time to time, and Claims premised on any other legal theory, whether arising directly or indirectly from any act or omission,
whether intentional or unintentional. Executive acknowledges that he is releasing claims based on age, race, color, sex, sexual orientation or
preference, marital status, religion, national origin, citizenship, veteran status, disability and other legally protected categories. This provision is
intended to constitute a general release of all of each Releasor’s presently existing covered claims against the Releasees, to the maximum extent
permitted by law.

7.

Nothing in this Agreement and General Release shall be construed to: (a) waive any rights or claims of Executive that arise after Executive signs
this Agreement and General Release; (b) waive any rights or claims of Executive to enforce the terms of this Agreement and General Release; (c)
waive any claim for worker’s compensation or unemployment benefits; (d) waive any rights or claims for the provision of accrued benefits
conferred to Executive or his beneficiaries under the terms of the Company’s medical, dental, life insurance or defined contribution retirement
benefit plans; (e) waive or affect any claim that

C-2

cannot be released by an agreement voluntarily entered into between private parties; (f) limit Executive’s ability to file a charge or complaint with
the EEOC, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or
any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (“Government Agencies”); (g) limit Executive’s ability to communicate with
any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency,
including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company; (h) release claims challenging the validity of this Agreement
under the ADEA; (i) disclose any allegations relating to a claim under the New Jersey Law against Discrimination; (j) release the Releasees or any
of them from any claim that by law cannot be waived or released; (k) release any existing rights that Executive may have to indemnification
pursuant to the Company’s or an affiliate’s governing documents and/or any directors’ and officers’ insurance policy of the Company for acts
committed during the course of Executive’s employment; or (l) waive any rights of Executive with respect to vested equity held by him in the
Company or any other rights that are preserved by the Employment Agreement. Executive expressly waives and agrees to waive any right to
recover monetary damages for personal injuries in any charge, complaint or lawsuit filed by Executive or anyone else on behalf of Executive for
any released claims. This Agreement and General Release does not limit Executive’s right to receive an award for information provided to any
Government Agencies.
8.

Executive acknowledges that (a) he has been given at least twenty-one (21)2 calendar days to consider this Agreement and General Release and
that modifications hereof which are mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the twenty-one (21)
day period; (b) he has been advised to, and has had the opportunity to, consult Executive’s independent counsel with respect to this Agreement and
General Release; (c) he has seven (7) calendar days from the date he executes this Agreement and General Release in which to revoke it; (d) he
executes this Agreement and General Release freely and voluntarily and that he understands the significance of this Agreement and General
Release; and (e) this Agreement and General Release will not be effective or enforceable, nor the Severance Benefits paid, unless the seven-day
revocation period ends without revocation by Executive. Revocation can be made by delivery and receipt of a written notice of revocation to Bed
Bath & Beyond, 650 Liberty Avenue, Union, NJ 07083, Attention: [INSERT NAME/TITLE], by midnight on or before the seventh calendar day
after Executive signs this Agreement and General Release.

9.

This Agreement and General Release shall be binding on the Company and Executive and upon their respective heirs, representatives, successors
and assigns, and shall run to the benefit of the Releasees and each of them and to their respective heirs, representatives, successors and assigns.

10. This Agreement and General Release (and, to the extent explicitly provided herein, the Employment Agreement) sets forth the entire agreement
between Executive and the Company, and fully supersede any and all prior agreements or understandings among them regarding its subject matter;
provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement and General Release is intended to or shall be construed to limit, impair or terminate any
obligation of Executive pursuant to any noncompetition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or intellectual property agreements that have been signed
by Executive where such agreements by their terms continue after Executive’s employment with the Company terminates (including, but not
limited to, the Restrictive Covenants in the Employment Agreement). This Agreement and General Release may only be modified by written
agreement signed by both parties.
11. The Company and Executive agree that in the event any provision of this Agreement and General Release is deemed to be invalid or
unenforceable by any court or administrative agency of competent jurisdiction, or in the event that any provision cannot be modified so as to be
valid and enforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severed from the Agreement and General Release and the remainder of the Agreement
and General Release shall remain in full force and effect.

2

To be extended to 45 days in the event of a group termination under the ADEA.

C-3

12. This Agreement and General Release shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
13. All actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement and General Release shall be tried and litigated only in the New York State
or Federal courts located in the County of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts for the purpose of any such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek injunctive or equitable relief
to enforce the terms of this Agreement and General Release in any court of competent jurisdiction.
14. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to
this Agreement and General Release.
15. The language of all parts of this Agreement and General Release in all cases shall be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not
strictly for or against any of the parties.

[Signature Page Follow]

C-4

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. THIS
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE INCLUDES A
RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS.
COMPANY
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
By: ___________________________________
Name: ___________________________________
Title: ___________________________________
EXECUTIVE
________________________________________
Joseph Hartsig
Date: __________________________________

C-5

EXHIBIT D
EXCLUDED WORK PRODUCT

______

I have no inventions.

______

The following is a complete list of all Work Product relative to the subject matter of my
employment with the Company that have been created by me, alone or jointly with others, prior to the Start Date, which might relate to
the Company Group’s present business:
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________

______

Additional sheets attached.

Executive Signature: ____________________________

Date: ____________________________

D-1

Exhibit 10.42
This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of March 4, 2020 (the “Grant Date”), between BED BATH &
BEYOND INC. (the “Company”) and Joseph Hartsig (“you” or “Participant”).
WHEREAS, the Company and the Participant have entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of February 26, 2020 providing for the Participant’s
appointment as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer and President, Harmon Face Values (the “Employment
Agreement”);
WHEREAS, the Employment Agreement provides that the Company will grant the Participant a “Make-Whole RSU Award” (as defined in the
Employment Agreement); and
WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) administers the Company’s equity
incentive compensation programs and is authorized to grant stock options, restricted stock units and other awards, including to newly hired employees; and
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows.
1. Restricted Stock Unit Grant. Pursuant and subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby awards you the number
of Restricted Stock Units (the “Restricted Stock Units”) specified in paragraph 7 below. The Restricted Stock Units are subject to certain restrictions as set
forth in this Agreement.
2. Plan Provisions. The Restricted Stock Units are being granted under the Company’s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time
(the “2012 Plan”) and are entirely subject to the terms and conditions of the 2012 Plan. A description of key terms of the 2012 Plan is set forth in the
Prospectus to the 2012 Plan. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Notwithstanding anything
herein or in the Plan to the contrary, Sections 4.2(d) and 4.3 of the Company’s 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time, shall
apply to the Restricted Stock Units in lieu of Section 4.2(d) of the Plan.
3. Restrictions on Transfer. You will not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of (any such action, a
“Transfer”) the Restricted Stock Units, except as set forth in this Agreement. Any attempted Transfer in violation of this Agreement will be void and of no
effect.
4. Payment. With respect to each Restricted Stock Unit that vests in accordance with the schedule set forth in paragraph 7 below, you will be entitled to
receive one share of Company’s Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share (“Common Stock”). Subject to paragraph 5 below, you will be paid such
share(s) of Common Stock with respect to each vested Restricted Stock Unit within thirty (30) days following the Vesting Date (as defined below), to the
extent administratively practicable.
5. Forfeiture; Certain Terminations. Except as provided in this paragraph, upon your termination of employment with the Company, all unvested Restricted
Stock Units shall immediately be forfeited without compensation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that your employment with
the Company is terminated as a result of your death, Disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), non-renewal by the Company of the Term (as
defined in the Employment Agreement), termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or your resignation with
Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) (“Qualifying Termination”), subject to your timely execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a
General Release (as defined in the Employment Agreement) as provided in Section 5(e) of the Employment Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units will
immediately vest in full.
6. Rights with Regard to Restricted Stock Units. On and after the Grant Date, you will have the right to receive dividend equivalents with respect to the
shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of this paragraph. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, in no event shall a dividend equivalent be issued or paid with respect to any Restricted Stock Unit that has been forfeited pursuant to
paragraph 5. If the Company pays a dividend (whether in cash or stock) on its Common Stock shares, or its Common Stock shares are split, or the
Company pays to holders of its Common Stock other shares, securities, monies, warrants, rights, options or property representing a dividend or distribution
in respect of the Common Stock, then the Company will credit a deemed dividend or distribution to a book entry account on your behalf with respect to
each share of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units held by you, provided that your right to actually receive such cash or property shall be
subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which the cash or property relates, and the cash or property shall be paid to you at the same

time you receive the payment of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee,
dividend equivalents shall not be deemed to be reinvested in Common Stock and shall be treated as uninvested at all times, without crediting any interest or
earnings. Except as provided in this paragraph, you will have no rights as a holder of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units unless and
until the Restricted Stock Units become vested hereunder and you become the holder of record of the Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock
Units.
7. Grant Size; Vesting Schedule. Restricted Stock Units covered by this Award: 83,456 shares (representing $1,000,000.00, valued at the Grant Date)1. The
Restricted Stock Units will become vested in three substantially equal installments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Grant Date
(the “Vesting Date”), provided that you remain continuously employed by the Company from the Grant Date until each applicable Vesting Date (except as
otherwise provided in paragraph 5).
8. Withholding. For purposes of the payment of applicable withholding taxes required by applicable law, the number of shares of Common Stock
underlying the Restricted Stock Units to which you become entitled on payment shall be automatically reduced by the Company to cover the applicable
minimum statutorily required withholding obligation, except that you may elect to pay some or all of the amount of such obligation in cash in a manner
acceptable to the Company. In the event that the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units to which you become entitled
upon vesting is automatically reduced, it is the intent of this Agreement that any deemed “sale” of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted
Stock Units withheld will be exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto
(“Exchange Act”) pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision. All unscheduled and scheduled blackout
periods (each, a “BP”) are determined by the Company. If any shares of Common Stock underlying vested Restricted Stock Units are scheduled to be paid
during a BP to which you are subject, (i) you will be paid the applicable number of shares of Common Stock on the scheduled payment date (net of any
shares withheld by the Company to pay minimum required taxes), but (ii) you will be unable to sell such shares of Common Stock until the earliest date on
which all BPs to which you are subject have expired.
Subject to paragraph 5 above, all vesting will occur only on the applicable Vesting Dates, with no proportionate or partial vesting prior to the Vesting Date
or between Vesting Dates. Except as otherwise provided in the preceding paragraph, when any Restricted Stock Units become vested, the Company (unless
it determines a delay is required under applicable law or rules) will, on the payment date described in paragraph 4 above (or promptly thereafter) issue and
deliver to you a stock certificate registered in your name or will promptly recognize ownership of your shares through uncertificated book entry or another
similar method, subject to applicable federal, state and local tax withholding in the manner described herein or otherwise acceptable to the Committee.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, you will be permitted to transfer shares of Common Stock following your receipt thereof, but only to the extent
permitted by applicable law or rule.
9. Code Section 409A. Although the Company does not guarantee the particular tax treatment of the Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement,
the grant of Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the applicable requirements of Section 409A of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”) and this Agreement shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. In
no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on you by Section
409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent any payment made under this Agreement constitutes
“non-qualified deferred compensation” pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, the provisions of Section 13.13(b) of the 2012 Plan (including without
limitation, the six-month delay relating to “specified employees”) shall apply.
10. Notice. Any notice or communication concerning the Restricted Stock Units must be in writing and delivered in person, or by U.S. mail, to the
following address: if to the Company, at Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Finance Department – Stock Administration, 650 Liberty Avenue, Union, New
Jersey 07083; if to the Participant, at the Participant’s home address on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change its or his or her address for
the purpose of this paragraph by written notice similarly given.

1

Calculated based on the volume-weighted average closing price of a share of Common Stock over the twenty (20) trading day period ending immediately
prior to the Grant Date.

BED BATH & BEYOND INC.
By: /s/ Mark Tritton
An Authorized Officer

/s/ Joseph Hartsig
Recipient (You)

Exhibit 10.43
BED BATH & BEYOND INC.
COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT POLICY
January 2021
A. PURPOSE
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (the “Corporation”) has established this policy on the recovery and forfeiture of
compensation (as has been and may be amended from time to time, this “Policy”) to appropriately align the interests of certain senior executives
of the Corporation with those of the Corporation and to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability.
B. ADMINISTRATION
This Policy shall be administered by the Board, or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein to
the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final, binding and
conclusive on all affected individuals.
C. INDIVIDUALS SUBJECT TO RECOUPMENT POLICY
This Policy shall apply to (i) any current or former executive officer (as defined in Rule 3b-7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
from time to time (the “Exchange Act”)), and (ii) such other senior executives of the Corporation who may from time to time be deemed subject to
this Policy by the Board, in its sole discretion, or as may be required under Exchange Act Section 10D (each, a “Covered Executive”).
D. COVERED COMPENSATION
As amended, this Policy shall apply to all incentive-based cash and equity compensation grants awarded to a Covered Executive on or after
February 1, 2021, or that vest or are paid out on or after February 1, 2021 (even if awarded prior to such date), including, without limitation,
annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives, stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, and
performance share units (“Covered Compensation”). Except as described in the preceding sentence, Covered Compensation paid or awarded to a
Covered Executive prior to February 1, 2021 shall be subject to the prior version of this Policy contained in the Corporation’s Corporate
Governance Guidelines.
E. EXCESS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
The term “Excess Incentive Compensation” shall mean the portion of a Covered Executive’s Covered Compensation for the relevant period that
exceeded the amount that would have been received by the Covered Executive based on the restated financial results or the corrected level of
performance goal achievement.
F. RECOVERABLE COMPENSATION
The term Recoverable Compensation shall mean the maximum amount of Covered Compensation that the Corporation, in its sole discretion, may
recoup from a Covered Executive under Section 8(b).
G. COVERED EVENTS

The following events shall constitute “Covered Events” for purposes of this Policy:
a) Restatement of Financials; Error in Calculation of Results/Payout. (i) A restatement of the Corporation’s financial results (other than a
restatement caused by a change in applicable accounting rules or interpretations), or (ii) an error in the calculation of the achievement of
a performance goal applicable to any Covered Compensation, or in the calculation of the payout of such Covered Compensation, where,
in either case, (A) the payment or award (or the vesting of such award) of Covered Compensation was predicated upon the achievement
of financial results or such performance goals, and (B) a lower payment or award would have been made to a Covered Executive (or
lesser or no vesting would have occurred with respect to such award) based upon the restated financial results or the corrected level of
performance goal achievement.
b) Detrimental Conduct. The Board’s determination, in good faith and in accordance with the terms of this Policy, that a Covered Executive
has engaged in one or more of the following: (i) the commission of an act of fraud or dishonesty in the course of the Covered Executive’s
employment that causes material financial or reputational harm to the Corporation; (ii) improper conduct by the Covered Executive
including, but not limited to, fraud, unethical conduct, falsification of the Corporation’s records, unauthorized removal of property or
information of the Corporation, theft, violent acts or threats of violence, unauthorized possession of controlled substances on the property
of the Corporation, conduct causing material financial or reputational harm to the Corporation, or the use of property, facilities or services
of the Corporation for unauthorized or illegal purposes; (iii) the improper disclosure by the Covered Executive of proprietary, privileged
or confidential information of the Corporation or breach of a fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation; (iv) the commission of a criminal
act by the Covered Executive, whether or not performed in the workplace, that constitutes a felony or a crime of comparable magnitude
under applicable law as determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, or that subjects, or if generally known, would subject, the
Corporation to public ridicule or embarrassment; (v) the commission of an act or omission that causes the Covered Executive or the
Corporation to be in violation of federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations; (vi) the material breach of a written policy
applicable to associates of the Corporation including, but not limited to, policies prohibiting sexual harassment, policies prohibiting
violation of federal, state and local nondiscrimination laws and regulations and the Corporation’s Corporate Governance Guidelines or
Policy of Ethical Standards for Business Conduct; (vii) material breach of any written confidentiality or restrictive covenant agreements;
or (viii) any other act or omission which constitutes “cause” for termination (as such term is defined in the Covered Executive’s
employment agreement and/or equity award agreements with the Corporation).
H. AMOUNTS SUBJECT TO RECOUPMENT
The Corporation, in its sole discretion, may seek to recoup the following amounts in the event of the indicated Covered Event:
a) Covered Event Described in Section 7(a). If a Covered Event described in Section 7(a) occurs, then the Corporation may seek to recoup
no more than a Covered Executive’s Excess Incentive Compensation for the relevant period.
b) Covered Event Described in Section 7(b). If a Covered Event described in Section 7(b) occurs, then the Corporation may seek to recoup
no more than a Covered Executive’s Covered Compensation for the “Recoupment Period.” The Recoupment Period shall mean the period
beginning three-years prior to the date that the Board determined that a Covered Executive engaged in Detrimental Conduct and ending
three years after the date that the Board determined that a Covered Executive engaged in Detrimental Conduct.
I.

METHOD OF RECOUPMENT

2

To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation may, as determined by the Board in its discretion, take any such actions as it deems
necessary or appropriate if a Covered Event occurs, to recover Excess Incentive Compensation and Recoverable Compensation, as applicable,
including, without limitation (and as applicable), (a) seeking recovery from a Covered Executive of Excess Incentive Compensation and
Recoverable Compensation, (b) cancellation of any vested or unvested Covered Compensation awards granted to a Covered Executive not paid or
otherwise settled prior to the date of determination, (c) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or
other disposition of any equity-based Covered Compensation awards, (d) seeking recovery of any Covered Compensation that was previously paid
to such Covered Executive, (e) offsetting, withholding or eliminating any form of compensation that could be paid or awarded to the Covered
Executive after the date of determination, or (f) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. In
addition, the Board may authorize legal action for breach of fiduciary duty or other violation of law and/or take such other action to enforce the
Covered Executive’s obligations to the Corporation, as the Board deems appropriate.
In each such instance, in determining what actions to take, the Board will take into account any factors that it considers appropriate or relevant.
Generally, this review would include consideration of (in each case, to the extent applicable):
a) the Board’s view of the type or amount of Covered Compensation that would have been paid or awarded to the Covered Executive had
the financial results been properly reported or the level of performance goal achievement correctly calculated;
b) the nature of the Covered Event;
c) the conduct of the Covered Executive in connection with the Covered Event;
d) whether the assertion of a claim against the Covered Executive could prejudice the Corporation’s overall interests;
e) whether other penalties or punishments are being imposed on the Covered Executive in relation to the Covered Event, including by third
parties such as regulators or other authorities (provided, that the Board’s power to determine appropriate sanctions is in addition to, and
not in replacement of, sanctions imposed by such entities);
f) whether it would be impracticable to seek to recover the Covered Compensation (i.e., whether the expense paid to a third party to assist in
enforcement would exceed the amount to be recovered, or whether the recovery would violate home country law);
g) the tax treatment of the recovery and related matters; and
h) any other facts and circumstances that the Board deems relevant.
J.

AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION
The Board may amend, modify, or terminate this Policy in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion.

K. POLICY NOT EXCLUSIVE
Nothing in this Policy will limit or restrict (a) the Corporation from providing for forfeiture or repayment of any amount of executive
compensation under circumstances not described herein, or (b) the Corporation’s right to take any action with respect to any Covered Executive’s
(or any other person’s) employment. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of
recoupment that may be available to the Corporation pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award
agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Corporation.

3

Exhibit 10.44
This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of May 26, 2020 (the “Grant Date”), between BED BATH &
BEYOND INC. (the “Company”) and Cindy Davis (“you” or “Participant”).
WHEREAS, the Company and the Participant have entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of April 30, 2020 providing for the Participant’s
appointment as the Chief Brand Officer of the Company and President, Decorist (the “Employment Agreement”);
WHEREAS, the Employment Agreement provides that the Company will grant the Participant a “Sign-On RSU Award” (as defined in the Employment
Agreement);
WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) administers the Company’s equity
incentive compensation programs and is authorized to grant stock options, restricted stock units and other awards, including to newly hired employees; and
WHEREAS, the Participant hereby is granted the Restricted Stock Units evidenced by this Agreement as of the date hereof as a material inducement to the
Participant to enter into the Employment Agreement and to become an employee of the Company pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4);
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows.
1. Restricted Stock Unit Grant. Pursuant and subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby awards you the number
of Restricted Stock Units (the “Restricted Stock Units”) specified in paragraph 7 below. The Restricted Stock Units are subject to certain restrictions as set
forth in this Agreement.
2. Plan Provisions. The Restricted Stock Units are being granted as an inducement grant under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and not under any equity
incentive compensation program or plan of the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be construed as if such Restricted
Stock Units had been granted under the Company’s 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time (the “Plan”) in accordance and
consistent with, and subject to, the provisions of the Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event
that any of the Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder are cancelled, forfeited or otherwise settled or terminated without a distribution of shares of the
Company’s Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share (“Common Stock”) to the Participant, or if any shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted
Stock Units are withheld to cover taxes, such shares of Common Stock will not thereafter be deemed to be available for issuance under the Plan. Except as
expressly set forth herein, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms
and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement have the meanings set forth in the Plan.
3. Restrictions on Transfer. You will not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of (any such action, a “Transfer”) the Restricted
Stock Units, except as set forth in this Agreement. Any attempted Transfer in violation of this Agreement will be void and of no effect.
4. Payment. With respect to each Restricted Stock Unit that vests in accordance with the schedule set forth in paragraph 7 below, you will be entitled to
receive one share of Common Stock. Subject to paragraph 5 below, you will be paid such share(s) of Common Stock with respect to each vested Restricted
Stock Unit within thirty (30) days following the Vesting Date (as defined below), to the extent administratively practicable.
5. Forfeiture; Certain Terminations. Except as provided in this paragraph, upon your termination of employment with the Company, all unvested Restricted
Stock Units shall immediately be forfeited without compensation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that your employment with
the Company is terminated as a result of your death, Disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), non-renewal by the Company of the Term (as
defined in the Employment Agreement) termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or your resignation with
Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) (“Qualifying Termination”), subject to your timely execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a
General Release (as defined in the Employment Agreement) as provided in Section 5(c) of the Employment Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units will
immediately vest in full.

6. Rights with Regard to Restricted Stock Units. On and after the Grant Date, you will have the right to receive dividend equivalents with respect to the
shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of this paragraph. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, in no event shall a dividend equivalent be issued or paid with respect to any Restricted Stock Unit that has been forfeited pursuant to
paragraph 5. If the Company pays a dividend (whether in cash or stock) on its Common Stock shares, or its Common Stock shares are split, or the
Company pays to holders of its Common Stock other shares, securities, monies, warrants, rights, options or property representing a dividend or distribution
in respect of the Common Stock, then the Company will credit a deemed dividend or distribution to a book entry account on your behalf with respect to
each share of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units held by you, provided that your right to actually receive such cash or property shall be
subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which the cash or property relates, and the cash or property shall be paid to you at the same
time you receive the payment of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee,
dividend equivalents shall not be deemed to be reinvested in Common Stock and shall be treated as uninvested at all times, without crediting any interest or
earnings. Except as provided in this paragraph, you will have no rights as a holder of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units unless and
until the Restricted Stock Units become vested hereunder and you become the holder of record of the Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock
Units.
7. Grant Size; Vesting Schedule. Restricted Stock Units covered by this Award: 160,255 shares (representing $1,000,000.00, valued at the Grant Date). The
Restricted Stock Units will vest in three substantially equal installments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Grant Date (each a
“Vesting Date”), provided that you remain continuously employed by the Company from the Grant Date until the applicable Vesting Date (except as
otherwise provided in paragraph 5).
8. Withholding. For purposes of the payment of applicable withholding taxes required by applicable law, the number of shares of Common Stock
underlying the Restricted Stock Units to which you become entitled on payment shall be automatically reduced by the Company to cover the applicable
minimum statutorily required withholding obligation, except that you may elect to pay some or all of the amount of such obligation in cash in a manner
acceptable to the Company. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, any fraction of a share of Common Stock required to satisfy such tax
obligations shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share of Common Stock and shall be subject to withholding. In the event that the number of shares of
Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units to which you become entitled upon vesting is automatically reduced, it is the intent of this
Agreement that any deemed “sale” of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units withheld will be exempt from liability under
Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto (“Exchange Act”) pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision. All unscheduled and scheduled blackout periods (each, a “BP”) are determined by the Company. If any
shares of Common Stock underlying vested Restricted Stock Units are scheduled to be paid during a BP to which you are subject, (i) you will be paid the
applicable number of shares of Common Stock on the scheduled payment date (net of any shares withheld by the Company to pay minimum required
taxes), but (ii) you will be unable to sell such shares of Common Stock until the earliest date on which all BPs to which you are subject have expired.
Subject to paragraph 5 above, all vesting will occur only on the applicable Vesting Date, with no proportionate or partial vesting in the period prior to any
such date. Except as otherwise provided in the preceding paragraph, when any Restricted Stock Units become vested, the Company (unless it determines a
delay is required under applicable law or rules) will, on the payment date described in paragraph 4 above (or promptly thereafter) issue and deliver to you a
stock certificate registered in your name or will promptly recognize ownership of your shares through uncertificated book entry or another similar method,
subject to applicable federal, state and local tax withholding in the manner described herein or otherwise acceptable to the Committee. Subject to the
provisions of this Agreement, you will be permitted to transfer shares of Common Stock following your receipt thereof, but only to the extent permitted by
applicable law or rule.
9. Code Section 409A.
(a) Although the Company does not guarantee the particular tax treatment of the Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement, the grant of
Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”) and this Agreement shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. In no event
whatsoever shall the Company or any of its affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on you by Section 409A of
the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code.
(b) To the extent any payment made under this Agreement constitutes “non-qualified deferred compensation” pursuant to Section 409A of the
Code (a “409A Covered Award”), the following provisions shall apply:
(i) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of a 409A Covered Award providing for
payment upon or following a termination of the Participant’s employment unless such termination is also a

“Separation from Service” within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of the 409A Covered Award, references to a
“termination,” “termination of employment” or like terms shall mean Separation from Service. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this
Agreement, if the Participant is deemed on the date of the Participant’s termination of employment to be a “specified employee” within the meaning of that
term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time, or if none, the default
methodology set forth in Code Section 409A, then with regard to any such payment under a 409A Covered Award, to the extent required to be delayed in
compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, such payment shall not be made prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period
measured from the date of the Participant’s Separation from Service, and (ii) the date of the Participant’s death. All payments delayed pursuant to this
paragraph 9(b)(i) shall be paid to the Participant on the first day of the seventh month following the date of the Participant’s Separation from Service or, if
earlier, on the date of the Participant’s death.
(ii) Whenever a payment under a 409A Covered Award specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days, the actual date of
payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company.
10. General Provisions.
(a) Administration.
(i) Authority. The Committee shall have the authority to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the
Agreement and perform all acts, including the delegation of its responsibilities (to the extent permitted by applicable law and applicable stock exchange
rules), as it shall, from time to time, deem advisable; to construe and interpret the terms and provisions of the Agreement; and to otherwise supervise the
administration of the Agreement. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Agreement in the
manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary to effectuate the purpose and intent of the Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 10(a)(i)
to the contrary, no action of the Committee under this paragraph 10(a) shall reduce the rights of the Participant without the Participant’s consent. To the
extent applicable, the Agreement is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3, and the Agreement shall be limited, construed and
interpreted in a manner so as to comply therewith.
(ii) Decisions Final. Any decision, interpretation or other action made or taken in good faith by or at the direction of the Company, the Board or
the Committee (or any of its members) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be within the absolute discretion of all and each of them,
as the case may be, and shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Company and the Participant and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns.
(b) Adjustments.
(i) The existence of this Agreement shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Board or the shareholders of the Company to make or
authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company’s capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger or
consolidation of the Company or any of its affiliates, (iii) any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the
Common Stock, (iv) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any of its affiliates, (v) any sale or transfer of all or part of the assets or business of
the Company or any of its affiliates or (vi) any other corporate act or proceeding.
(ii) Subject to the provisions of paragraph 10(b)(iv), in the event of any such change in the capital structure or business of the Company by
reason of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend or distribution, combination or reclassification of shares, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation, spin off, reorganization, partial or complete liquidation, issuance of rights or warrants to purchase any Common Stock or securities
convertible into Common Stock, any sale or transfer of all or part of the Company’s assets or business, any special cash dividend or any other corporate
transaction or event having an effect similar to any of the foregoing and effected without receipt of consideration by the Company and the Committee
determines in good faith that an adjustment to the award under this Agreement is necessary or appropriate to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of
the rights granted to, or available for, the Participant under this Agreement, then the number and kind of shares or other property (including cash) to be
issued upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall be appropriately adjusted consistent with such change in such manner as the Committee may deem
equitable to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, the Participant under this Agreement, and any such
adjustment determined by the Committee in good faith shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Company and the Participant and their respective heirs,
executors, administrators, successors and assigns. In connection with any event described in this paragraph, the Committee may provide, in its sole
discretion, for the cancellation of any outstanding Restricted Stock Units and payment in cash or other property in exchange therefor. In furtherance of this
paragraph 10(b)(ii), each outstanding Restricted Stock Units shall be adjusted as provided herein in the event of an “equity restructuring” within the
meaning of FASB ASC Topic 718. Except as provided in this paragraph 10(b), the Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issuance by the
Company of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any
stock dividend, any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class, any sale or transfer of all or part of the Company’s assets or
business or any other change affecting the Company’s capital structure or business.

(iii) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, fractional shares of Common Stock resulting from any adjustment pursuant to this
paragraph 10(b) shall be aggregated until, and eliminated at, the time of exercise by rounding-down for fractions that are less than one-half and roundingup for fractions that are equal to or greater than one-half. Notice of any adjustment shall be given by the Committee to the Participant and such adjustment
(whether or not such notice is given) shall be effective and binding for all purposes of this Agreement.
(iv) In the event of (x) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, (y) any transaction that results in the
acquisition of substantially all of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons and/or entities acting in
concert, or (z) the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets (all of the foregoing being referred to as an “Acquisition Event”), then
provided that a successor does not assume or substitute outstanding Restricted Stock Units on a substantially equivalent basis as provided in Section 4.3 of
the Plan, the Committee shall terminate all vested and unvested Restricted Stock Units that are outstanding as of the date of the Acquisition Event and
make payment to the Participant for such Restricted Stock Units (whether vested or unvested) following such Acquisition Event.
(c) Compliance with Legal and Other Requirements.
(i) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, as long as the Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or a national securities
exchange or system sponsored by a national securities association, the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement shall be
conditioned upon such shares being listed on such exchange or system. The Company shall have no obligation to issue such shares unless and until such
shares are so listed.
(ii) If at any time counsel to the Company shall be of the opinion that any sale or delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this
Agreement is or may be unlawful, or may violate the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market or any applicable national securities exchange or system sponsored
by a national securities association or may result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company under the statutes, rules or regulations of any applicable
jurisdiction, the Company shall have no obligation to make such delivery, or to make any application or to effect or to maintain any qualification or
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any successor thereto or otherwise, with
respect to shares of Common Stock or Restricted Stock Units, and the Company’s obligation to issue such shares shall be suspended until, in the opinion of
said counsel, such sale or delivery shall be lawful or will not result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company.
(iii) Upon termination of any period of suspension under this paragraph 10(c), to the extent this Agreement was affected by such suspension but
has not expired or terminated, the Agreement shall be reinstated as to all shares available before such suspension and as to shares that would otherwise have
become available during the period of such suspension, but no such suspension shall extend the term of this Agreement.
(iv) A Participant shall be required to supply the Company with any certificates, representations and information that the Company requests, and
otherwise to cooperate with the Company in obtaining any listing, registration, qualification, exemption, consent or approval as the Company deems
necessary or appropriate.
(d) Governing Law. The Agreement and actions taken in connection herewith shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable New York principles of conflict of laws).
(e) Successors and Assigns. The Agreement shall be binding on all successors and permitted assigns of a Participant, including, without limitation, the
estate of such Participant and the executor, administrator or trustee of such estate.
11. Notice. Any notice or communication concerning the Restricted Stock Units must be in writing and delivered in person, or by U.S. mail, to the
following address: if to the Company, at Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., Finance Department – Stock Administration, 650 Liberty Avenue, Union, New
Jersey 07083; if to the Participant, at the Participant’s home address on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change its or her address for the
purpose of this paragraph by written notice similarly given.

BED BATH & BEYOND INC.

By:
An Authorized Officer

Recipient (You)

Exhibit 21
SUBSIDIARIES OF BED BATH & BEYOND INC.
The following are all of the subsidiaries of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. other than: (i) 100% owned subsidiaries of Bed 'n Bath Stores Inc. holding no assets
other than a single store lease and, in some cases, fully depreciated fixed assets; (ii) 100% owned subsidiaries of Harmon Stores, Inc. holding no assets
other than a single store lease and, in some cases, fully depreciated fixed assets; (iii) 100% owned subsidiaries of buybuy BABY, Inc. holding no assets
other than a single store lease and, in some cases, fully depreciated fixed assets; and (iv) omitted subsidiaries which in the aggregated would not constitute
a significant subsidiary.
Name

Jurisdiction

Bed Bath & Beyond of California Limited Liability Company
Bed Bath & Beyond Canada L.P.
buybuy BABY, Inc.
Harmon Stores, Inc.
Liberty Procurement Co. Inc.

Delaware
Ontario
Delaware
Delaware
New York

Exhibit 23
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors
Bed Bath and Beyond Inc.:
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (Nos. 33-63902, 33-87602, 333-18011, 333-75883, 333-64494, 333-126169, 333182528, 333-227939, 333-234457, 333-238697, and 333-237972) on Form S-8 and in the registration statement (No. 333-197267) on Form S-3 of Bed
Bath & Beyond Inc. and subsidiaries of our reports dated April 22, 2021 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. as of
February 27, 2021 and February 29, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended February 27, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting as February 27, 2021, which reports appears in the February 27, 2021 annual report on Form 10-K of Bed Bath & Beyond
Inc. and subsidiaries.
Our report on the consolidated financial statements refers to a change in accounting for leases as of March 3, 2019, due to the adoption of Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases.

/s/ KPMG LLP
Short Hills, New Jersey
April 22, 2021

Exhibit 31.1
CERTIFICATION
I, Mark J. Tritton, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;
3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the registrant and have:

5.

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and

The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting.

Date: April 22, 2021

/s/ Mark J. Tritton
Mark J. Tritton
President and Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit 31.2
CERTIFICATION
I, Gustavo Arnal, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.;
2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the registrant and have:

5.

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and

The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting.

Date: April 22, 2021

/s/ Gustavo Arnal
Gustavo Arnal
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Exhibit 32
CERTIFICATION
The undersigned, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (the “Company”), hereby certify, to the best of
their knowledge and belief, that the Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended February 27, 2021, (the “Periodic Report”) accompanying this
certification fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the
information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The
foregoing certification is provided solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes – Oxley Act and is not intended to
be used for any other purposes.
Date: April 22, 2021

/s/ Mark J. Tritton
Mark J. Tritton
President and Chief Executive Officer
/s/ Gustavo Arnal
Gustavo Arnal
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

